The All Progressive Congress, APC, candidate for Kogi West rerun election, Senator Smart Adeyemi has rejected claims by the opposition PDP that it will boycott the supplementary election slated for November 30. Senator Adeyemi also urged his party members not to take the opposition statement seriously, describing it as a deceitful tactic to make APC go to sleep. Adeyemi spoke on Sunday in Lokoja following a statement by the National Secretariat of PDP in which it rejected the supplementary poll; an indication of boycotting the exercise. Adeyemi said, “For us in the APC, we will continue with our master’s plan of getting 90% of the 30,000 PVC holders in the affected units because we will not allow ourselves be deceived by the Peoples Deceiving Party. “I, therefore, urge my party members not to allow the PDP statement becloud our sense of reasoning. We cannot trust them with any of their statement. “Their statement may be out of frustration, deceit, financial incapability or inability to penetrate INEC to do their bidding. Whatever reasons it may be, we will forge ahead and ensure total victory for our party. “The deceitful nature of the opposition party and the questionable character of the candidate involved in the race, who is a pathological liar makes them untrustworthy. Deceit is the hallmark of both the opposition party and its candidate. “We should take their statement with a pinch of salt, and throw it into the dustbin. The battle to capture Kogi West in a violent -free exercise is a battle of no retreat no surrender. “A snake disturbing a whole community cannot just be presumed dead until the head is cut off. We should not rest until our purpose is accomplished. “The PDP statement should be taken as a tonic to further galvanised us for the election in order to subdued and consumed them in a non- violence manner. We will restrategize and move with vigour to get 90% of the vote. “PDP statement is deceitful and is to make us relax and go to sleep. Nobody will go to sleep until we finally send home “the troubler of Israel.” Adeyemi who said that the PDP may deny their statement also called on security operatives to go after those who perpetrated violence in the last election. “Our governor, Yahaya Adoza Bello had before the election said his re-election bid does not worth the blood of anybody, and as DG Campaign, that was our message to our members. We are however not unaware that security operatives have apprehended some of those who perpetrate violence in the last election. “We urge the police to parade the perpetrators, many of whom are PDP members who have made a self confession. After the supplementary election, we shall assist the police to go after the perpetrators”, he added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.