An 18-year-old boy has been sentenced to two-year imprisonment by an Akure Chief Magistrate Court. Magistrate Yakubu ordered the immediate imprisonment of Olawale Jimoh for stealing property worth N600,000. It was gathered that Jimoh conspired with one still at large to steal one Yamaha generator valued at N200,000, two injector cylinders valued at N200,000 as well as two kick-starter valued at N200,000. The accused was said to have committed the crime on October 17, 2019, along Ondo road, Akure, Ondo State capital where he broke into the shop of one Augustine Oraiwhgo carted away the goods with the total valued of N600,000. According to the prosecution, the offence committed was contrary to section 383 and punishable under section 390(9) of the Criminal Code Cap 37, Vol. 1, Laws of Ondo State of Nigeria, 2006. The prosecuting officer, Sergeant Augustine Omhenimhen told the court that the defendant and his accomplice still at large broke into the shop of Oraiwhgo who later sighted his property at a scrap shop at Isolo area in Akure, where the stolen items were kept. He added that the other suspect who is still at large escaped during the point of arrest. The prosecutor prayed the court to convict the defendant and also punish him for the crime. The defendant who was slammed with two counts charge bothering on conspiracy and stealing, however, pleaded not guilty to the charges. According to him, he said he did not steal the properties, but only helped his friend who was the other suspect. However, in his ruling, Magistrate O. R Yakubu found the defendant guilty and thereby sentenced him to one-year imprisonment on count one and one-year imprisonment on count two which he said must run concurrently. He also ordered that the recovered items should be returned to the rightful owner. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More