The Federal Government on Thursday admonished Okoi Obono-Obla, the former Chairman of the Special Investigation Panel for Recovery of Public Property Property (SPIP) to stop whipping public sentiments over his travails. The Chairman of Independent Corrupt Practices and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), Prof, Bolaji Owasanoye, stated this on Thursday in Abuja at a Special Town Hall Meeting on Fight Against Corruption, organised by the Ministry of Information and Culture. Owasanoye was reacting to a letter by Obono-Obla accusing the office of Vice-President, Yemi Osinbajo of persecuting him because of his loyalty to President Muhammadu Buhari. DAILY POST recalls that President Muhammadu Buhari had in August suspended Obono-Obla, who was also his Special Assistant on Prosecution, after the ICPC indicted him for certificate forgery and other corruption-related allegations. Following his suspension, the SPIP chairman had accused the Vice President and some other highly placed individuals of persecuting him. Obono-Obla in a letter had claimed that even those who stole billions and contributed to wrecking the economy, did not receive such treatment. Reacting to Obono-Obla’s letter to the President on the alleged persecution, Owasanoye said that it is a “shenanigan’’ to cover up for the allegations made against the former SPIP chairman, NAN reports. “The strongest defense for an accused person is to come out and say I did not do it. “Any other defence is a shenanigan,’’ he said. The ICPC boss said that such allegation was common among political exposed accused persons who liked to weave religious, ethnicity and partisanship sentiment to over up for their misdeeds. He said some of such accused persons even parade fake medical reports and gave excuses that they travel abroad to circumvent their trial. Owasanoye, therefore, welcomed the move by the anti-corruption agencies to sanction any medical Doctor that issue fake medical reports. He added that reports of oversea travels by suspects would also be investigated to ascertain their veracity. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.