A fifteen-year-old teenage boy has been beheaded by suspected ritualists in Calabar, Cross River State capital. The incident occurred along Murtala Mohammed Highway by Zone 6 Police Command in Calabar Municipality local government area. DAILY POST gathered that the teenager identified as Christopher Asuquo, was murdered and his head beheaded in the early hours of Friday while helping his mother to sweep the road. Confirming the incident, the father of the victim, Mr. Asuquo, said the incident happened at about 4-5.00am when he asked his son to help his mother sweep the portion of the road allocated to her before going to school. “I woke him up that morning around 4.00 am to go and help his mother since his mother was not feeling well and they went. The next thing I heard was that my son’s head was nearly chopped off. “His mother said they shared portions so they can finish off on time for him not to go to school late. So, as his mother was sweeping down the road, she heard him shouting, but before she could realise, the shouting was intense and gradually faded away. “The place was dark since the street lights were not on. So, she ran towards him and discovered some men were struggling with him, then she started shouting and calling on everyone. “When they heard her shout, they left him and ran into their vehicle and zoomed off. As she got there, she saw our son lying in a pool of blood with his neck almost off”, Asuquo said while crying. The elder brother to the teenager said, “I didn’t believe it until I saw the corpse. This is not the first time that my brother would be helping my mother to sweep the road. I don’t know why this has to happen to us at this time of the year”. It was learnt that the victim was a student of Command Day Secondary school, Calabar and he was in SS1. The residents of Esuk Utan, the community where the incident happened have pleaded with Government to compensate the family of the teenager. They said this is the fourth time the similar incident would happen in the area. They called on the Cross River State Government to beef up security in the area to avoid the same act in the future. When newsmen called on the Police Public Relations Officer in the state, DSP Irene Ugbo on Saturday, she did not take the calls. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.