No fewer than 55,400 politicians in Zamfara state have dumped their former parties to embrace the Peoples Democratic party (PDP). Some notable figures that decamped today include the former member who represented Bakura/Maradun federal constituency in the Federal House of Representatives, Hon.chado Gora Namaye, Assistant secretary of APC in the state, Alhaji Bashir Atiku Maradun and many other important politicians in the state. Our correspondent can authoritatively report that more than eighty-five percent of the decampees are from Maradun Local Government Area of the state with over 24,000 decampees, the local government area of the state governor, Hon. Bello Mohammed Matawalle. According to Alhaji Aminu Abdulahi Gamagiwa, the APC chairman in Maradun local government area who decamped with his teeming supporters, “since on the 16th of October this year, I had notified APC of my intention with my group to dump the party and embrace PDP.” He noted that his group alone has a numerical strength of over 20, 000 people excluding others that do not belong to his group who were willing to embrace PDP also. “Allah gives power to whoever He wishes to and collects power from whoever He wishes to collect power from so it is not a do or die affair,” he said. In his own speech, the former state Assistant secretary of the state wing of the All progressives Congress (APC), Alhaji Bashir Atiku Maradun said there is no permanent friend nor permanent foe in politics, stressing that the ultimate reality of politics remains peace, unity and stability. However, it was gathered that over 6,000 decampees came from Bukkuyum local government area to Gusau, the state capital for their official denouncement of APC before Matawalle and leaders of PDP in the state while over 5,000 people from Gummi local government area and other parts of the state who trooped out and also publicly denounced APC in a loud voice which include former local government areas APC chairmen on the platform of APC, former women leaders, former local government council chairmen and youth bodies. Most of the leaders of the decamped groups were those who worked closely with former governor Abdulaziz Yari in various capacities. They told DAILY POST that the business of any responsible government should be security, never to treat the issue of security of lives and property. “Politics should not be a game of bitterness. We want to correct that impression that politics is with bitterness. ” We are seeing peace and security in Zamfara state today after the APC that we worked closely with could not address the insecurity situation that ravaged the state for almost a decade ” he said. In his response, the state governor, Hon. Bello Mohammed Matawalle said he would always consider both the old and new members as one, saying that his government would carry every body along irrespective of his or party affiliation. The governor noted that his administration would not tolerate thuggery, advising the youths to do something that can give them bright future for the benefit of themselves and their families.
. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.