Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State has reassured the people of the state that his administration will continue to promote peace in the state in order to enhance good governance and rapid development. The Governor reiterated that his administration will not take the peace in the state for granted, stressing that he would do whatever is necessary to sustain the existing peace throughout his tenure. He spoke during an official visit to Aninri Local Government Area on Monday, to inaugurate some development projects executed by the council chairman, Hon. Ezekiel Chukwu, including the seven-classroom block at Community Primary School, Amacharauka, Oduma, fully equipped with learning materials and the two thousand-capacity event pavilion at the Local Government secretariat. Gov. Ugwuanyi commended the chairman and his team for the bold initiatives. The Governor also laid the foundation stone for the construction of an ultra modern civil hall at Ndeabor adjacent to the council headquarters in the company of the former Senate Deputy President and the Senator representing Enugu West Senatorial District, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, the member representing Aninri/Awgu/Oji-River Federal Constituency, Rt. Hon. Toby Okechukwu, his counterpart for Udi/Ezeagu Federal Constituency, Rt. Hon. Dennis Amadi, State Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Hon. Augustine Nnamani, among others. Gov. Ugwuanyi who noted that “we are one family” and “equal in the eyes of God”, urged the people of Aninri to continue to uphold the principles of his administration which are anchored on peace and good governance. He thanked God for the successful and peaceful conduct of the 2019 general elections in the state, as he prayed that the state continues to grow from strength to strength. Also speaking, Senator Ekweremadu appreciated Gov. Ugwuanyi for his support and kind disposition to the people of Aninri LGA, pointing out that the governor gave them two commissioners in spite of the fact that their council is among the smallest local government areas in the state. The former Deputy President of the Senate congratulated the commissioners, Rt. Hon. Mathias Ekweremadu (Transport) and Hon. Uchechukwu Ogbonna (Labour and Productivity) for their appointments. He equally applauded the council chairman for the development projects, reassuring the governor of the commitment of the people of Aninri to sustain the existing peace in the area. Earlier in his welcome address, the council chairman, Hon. Chukwu, who expressed gratitude to the governor for his support and contributions to the development of the area, stated that the achievements made by his administration in the areas of infrastructural development, workers’ welfare, healthcare delivery, security, empowerment programmes, collaboration with other development agencies, among others, were in keeping with “the social contract we entered with our people who voted us to power”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.