Contrary to the claims by the Oyo state Government and the Oyo State Police Command that Olore Arabic and Islamic Reformation Centre is operating illegally, a document obtained by DAILY POST on Monday has shown that the center is registered with the relevant authorities. DAILY POST recalls that men of the Oyo state Police Command led by the Commissioner of Police in the state, Mr. Shina Olukolu had last week stormed the center and raided the Arabic school and the Mosque located within Ojoo area of Ibadan, the state capital. No fewer than two hundred and fifty nine (259) students of the centre were rescued over alleged maltreatment. Olukolu, supported by the Commissioner of Women Affairs and Social Inclusion, Faosat Sanni maintained that the centre was operating illegally. He added that the center was discovered following a tip off. A day after the raid, the state Governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde, visited the school and the Mosque and ordered the demolition of the edifice, though the Muslim Community under the banner of Muslim Community of Oyo State (MUSCOYS), through its Chairman, Alhaji Kunle Sanni has warned the Governor against embarking on such move. Makinde while speaking vowed to prosecute operators of the school and the mosque, adding that it was wrong for certain individuals to have used a mosque as a cover up for crime and criminalities. “Yes we have marked the entire structure for demolition, we have here the ministry of lands and urban planning and ministry of health and justice. The government will do everything that is humanly possible to ensure that this kind of thing is stamped out in our environment. “We need to get to the root of this matter, the security agencies will investigate. Anyone found innocent will be released. You need to cooperate with government for us to get to the root of the matter”. But, investigations by DAILY POST shows that the center is registered with relevant authorities including the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC), contrary to the claims of the state government and the Police. The CAC certificate issued to the center shows that the center was registered as Olore Arabic and Islamic Reformation centre in June 2011 with CAC/TT/NO/45737 number 437560. The CAC certificate issued to the center was signed by Bello Mahmud, Registrar- General of CAC. The trustees of the center according to the document included; Alhaji Muhd Akanmu Olore, Alhaji Murtadha Yusuf Gbedemuke, Alhaji Abduljaleel Adekunle Owoola, Alhaji Ishaq Ajetunmobi Alalukimba, Alhaji Musa Adeyemi and Alhaji Ishaq Adetunbi. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.