The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) caucus in the House of Representatives has rejected the outcome of the November 16 governorship elections in Kogi and Bayelsa States. The Minority Leadership, led by the Minority Leader, Ndudi Elumelu, stated this while briefing newsmen on Tuesday at the National Assembly. The minority leader called on President Muhammadu Buhari to investigate the violence that marred the election in the two states, while disclosing that the Party will approach the court. “We are not impressed with what happened in the just concluded Bayelsa and Kogi elections. We are not in favor of the outcome of the election, us as PDP members and other minority parties and therefore we are 100% not in support of the outcome of the election. He continued, “We have also come here to register our grievance contrary to the point of Order earlier raised by our colleague, Mr. Abejide Adeleke (ADC, Kogi) commending the outcome of the election adjudging to be fair and credible. We want to state that, we are displeased with the violence actions meted out on innocent Nigerians which led loss of lives and properties” Leke Abejide, who is a member of the Africa Democratic Congress from Kogi State had earlier during plenary today used the word “We” when thanking for the election, and the Minority leader, rejected the statement, disclosing that the PDP caucus was not in support of the statement. Also speaking at the briefing, the Deputy Minority Leader, Toby Okechukwu said, “we are particularly sad with the loss of lives whereby the PDP woman leader was burnt alive and the killing of Senator Dino Melaye’s nephew was quite disheartening. We condemn the violence perpetrated in that election. I want to state clearly that we would contest the elections in court. I also feel this is the time to amend the Electoral act, we need to correct the imperfections.” Later, Mr. Abejide also addressed newsmen concerning the controversy. He stated: “At plenary, the Speaker asked me to brief the house about Kogi election, which I did by raising a point of order whereby I thanked my colleagues for their prayers and success of the election that this time around, the election was not inconclusive. ” However, on the issue of whether lives were lost, I told them that the election was peaceful in my own area. So I didn’t do anything wrong as my colleagues in the PDP are already agitating.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.