Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has directed its members to disregard a circular from the office of the Accountant General of the Federation to enroll academic staff on the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS) from tomorrow (Monday). Chairman, Academic Staff Union of Universities, University of Ibadan chapter, Professor Deji Omole made this declaration in a statement made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan on Sunday. DAILY POST gathered that the union and the federal government of Nigeria had in the last few months been engaged in the battle of words over the IPPIS. It was gathered that the office of Accountant General of the Federation through a newspaper advert had said it will dispatch her staff to Universities from 25th November, 2019 for enrollment of staff into the IPPIS. But Omole while reacting declared that the union’s leadership was still in discussion with the federal government and helping the government to develop more robust template. However, ASUU, has described it as a scam and offered to design a template that will accomodate university peculiarities. He maintained that the same Accountant General of the Federation had challenged the Union to develop a template that accomodates the peculiarities of academic staff and present same to it. Omole urged ASUU members not submit themselves to be enrolled into slave plan of the Accountant General whose office stinks with corruption. According to Omole, the Vice President of the Country, Professor Yemi Osinbajo as an academic understands this peculiarities and had benefitted immensely from the peculiarities. The ASUU boss said no ASUU member should appear before the Accountant General team until further directive of the Union. According to him, while ASUU supports fight against corrupt, it will resist attempt by government to trample on existing University autonomy Act. He urged members to remain steadfast and stand firm to protect public universities by not filling any form or submit their bio-data for enrollment into the IPPIS. “This is to remind you that the Union’s position on IPPIS has not changed. Pending the resolution of the matter evidence, of which shall be communicated to all members of our Union, no member of the union is to enlist on the platform. “NEC position on the matter has not been reviewed, therefore NO ASUU MEMBER IS TO FILL THE FORM or submit their bio-data before any team. We are not slaves that can can be subjected to routine humiliation from the office of the accountant general. “No nation has ever developed or survived through the humiliation of her intellectuals. United we bargain, divided we beg”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.