GIG Mobility, GIGM, a technologically powered transport platform committed to moving people freely and easily across Africa, has launched in Ghana. The company commenced operations over 20 years ago in Nigeria and has consistently revolutionized the transport sector through technology. Vuakpor Muoghereh, GIG Mobility Chief Operating Officer, in her welcome remarks at the launch, pointed put that the needs of customers when it comes to transportation formed the bedrock of all innovative features deployed by the company.  She noted riding on pillars of service, comfort, and safety, GIGM continues to invest in the digitization of transportation with the sole aim of enhancing the customer experience. Muoghereh explained that the expansion into Ghana was in line with the company’s agenda to provide great customer experience for commuters across Africa. Reeling out the company services, the official said: “We are launching our Ghana operations with two terminals in the cities of Accra and Kumasi where we will run the Accra/Kumasi route as well as the Accra/Nigeria route. We plan to cut across major regions in Ghana in the shortest possible time.  “As a forward thinking company, GIGM has launched several technology-driven tools to redefine transportation, including its booking app available on Google Play Store and iOS for Apple users and its locally developed enterprise partner model which allows interested investors to operate in the transport industry through the GIGM enterprise partner model. “Booking tickets on the GIGM app is easy and can be done in less than 5 minutes from the comfort zone of the user. The user simply needs to download the GIGM app on Google Play Store and the app store for iOS (Apple) users and sign up and commence use by filling up the itinerary for travel. “Using the GIGM pick up service is a lot more convenient and faster option for travel. It cuts out the hassles one might experience commuting to the terminal before departure. The pick up service can be requested via the app. “A user only needs to simply indicate destination under the pick-me-up button on the mobile app and the nearest pickup points are displayed for selection. At the assigned time the Captain arrives pick-point, checks in guest into the vehicle and commences the journey. “We have an application for Captains (Drivers) the first of its kind in the intercity space in West Africa, which powers the Captains to render great customer service to Guests (Customers) onboard vehicles. The Captains use this app to fulfill pick-up service, manage their daily work responsibilities within the company and also use the same for monthly salaries.  “Just like the e-hailing taxi companies for intra-city transport service, GIGM is changing the way intercity transport service is done in Ghana with the introduction of their mobile app for ticket booking, vehicle hire and pick up service. “This introduces a more convenient way to travel as opposed to the conventional “wait and fill model for interstate travel. When it comes to mobility in Africa, no one understands it more than we do. “The introduction of ticketman devices for booking is one of the tools we have also deployed in Ghana to create easier access to our tickets beyond our mobile app. These devices are hand held devices and can be used at any location running with Internet and our in built application for ticket sales. “To convey commuters we will be using the premium Jet mover buses, which are arguably the best buses for public transportation in Africa today. They are luxurious, comfortable yet tough enough for the African roads. The buses are 13 seater buses with a lot of legroom and independent led screens for entertainment. “As we launch, GIGM is offering Ghanaians a fantastic price point of 30 GHC for rides to or fro Accra/Kumasi. We remain committed to providing the amazing people of Ghana, the best travel experience.” The COO added that GIGM has continued to contribute to the revolution global transportation in leaps and bounds and was excited to extend our technologically driven transport service to Ghana. Download the app now http://Onelink.to/d4d9ke Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.