The Idima Abam community in Arochukwu local government area of Abia state, have raised alarm over alleged invasion of the community by suspected members of secret Cult popularly known as Red Chamber confraternity. The community claimed that the suspected cultists have continued to cause mayhem as well as perpetrating rape, kidnapping and assault on the indigenes of the area. Disclosing this in an interview with newsmen on Wednesday, the Secretary General of Idima Abam Development Union, Engr. Christopher Kalu, attributed the sinister acts to the Ezeship(Kingship) stool tussle in the community. He narrated that another group allegedly sponsored by one Sampson Orji is plotting to transfer the rulership structure of the community to a particular family. “One Sampson Orji and his group didn’t follow due process as he went ahead to coronate one Mike Okorie as the new Eze(king) of the area. As a result of this development, the matter went to court and while the case is still in the legal process, this cult group moved to the house of the rightful family to whom the Ezeship resides, known as the Ume family from Ndi Aworo Idima Abam, and threatened them to withdraw the matter from the court. ” The Ume family refused to withdraw the case from the court, the Red Chambers cult attacked them, raped and did all manner of things in the community, just as they attacked and cut one Jonah Chukwu with a machete. The victim is currently now receiving treatment at the Federal Medical Center (FMC) Umuahia”. The Secretary-General, therefore, called on well-meaning individuals and the Abia State government to as a matter of urgency, intervene in the ugly situation to restore normalcy in Idima Abam Arochukwu community. Meanwhile, as at the time of this report, attempts by our correspondent to reach SP Joefrey Ogbonna, the Police Public Relation Officer (PPRO) Abia state command for comment was unfruitful. Also, Sampson Orji(alleged sponsor of acts) could not be reached for his reaction over the ugly scenario. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.