The Chief of staff to the Governor of Ekiti State, Hon. Biodun Omoleye has charged members of the All Progressives Congress ( APC) in Ijero Local Government Area of the state to work assiduously for the success of all the party’s candidates on December 7, 2019, local Government elections in the State. Omoleye who expressed optimism about the victory of all the candidates of the party in the council elections also urged members to embark on aggressive house to house campaign and mobilisation of voters for the election. The Chief of Staff gave the charge during the inauguration of members of the APC Ijero LG Campaign Committee in Ijero – Ekiti on Tuesday. Commending the support of members for the successes recorded in previous elections, Omoleye urged them not to rest on their oars but be prepared to make another success story in the December council election. He said: “We are very hopeful and optimistic that come December 7th the APC will win all councillorship seats in ijero local government and deliver the chairmanship to our great party”. Omoleye, appealed to aggrieved members who lost during the party’s primaries not to be discouraged, assuring that their interest would be accommodated. “we are appealing to all contestants that did not make the slot not to be discouraged, the party is prepared to accommodate everybody, this is not a winner takes all party, it is an inclusive arrangement, we shall ensure that the government at the council considers the interest of everybody. “No community will be left unattended to, no matter how small and any moment from now you will start seeing the benefits and dividends of democracy from the State. “You have stood by this party and the government is ready to stand by you”. He said. Omoleye tasked the Committee members not to limit their work to their jurisdiction but to massively move from wards towards to win the heart of more people to the party. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.