The Akwa Ibom State House of Assembly, has called for investigation into the murder of one Mr Godwin Thomas. DAILY POSTS has reported that late Mr Godwin Thomas, from Etinan Local Government Area was shot dead on Thursday, November 7th, in a marriage ceremony of one of Gov. Udom Emmanuel’s aides, Edet Bassey Edet at Ndiya Ikot Ukab in Nsit Ubium Local Government Area by a suspected Police Officer who is yet to be identified. The state police command had issued a statement to condemn the murder and promised to fish out the perpetrator alleged to be a police officer. At a Plenary on Tuesday, the member representing Etinan State Constituency, Rt. Hon. Aniefiok Dennis, while notifying the House of the sad incident, pointed out that the deceased was an ardent supporter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state and wondered why he was gruesomely murdered for no reason. The lawmaker described the deceased as a struggling young man, with a wife, three-year-old daughter, mother and father to cater for and urged the House to help uncover his assailant. His words, “We want a proper investigation to be carried out by relevant authorities to uncover whoever is behind the killing of Mr Godwin Thomas and to ensure that no other person is killed in the state, unjustly.” In his ruling, the Speaker of the House, Rt. Hon. Aniekan Bassey, condemned the killing and said the House will employ all legal means to bring the perpetrator of the crime before the law. The Speaker said, “it is a very unfortunate situation. We will do all we can, within our powers to uncover the killer. That is what we were elected to do. The Police command has issued a statement, likewise the state government. We (the House of Assembly) hereby condemn the torture and killing of Mr Godwin Thomas. We will do our part in this case.” He, therefore, directed the House Committee on Security to interface with the State Police Command and other relevant security agencies to investigate the matter and ensure the culprit is arrested and prosecuted appropriately. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.