The head, monitoring unit of the Cross River Broadcasting Corporation (CRBC), radio and television services, Mrs Glory Otu has been kidnapped. According to findings by DAILY POST, Mrs Otu was kidnapped on Monday by 9 pm in her resident at Njahasant, in Calabar Municipal local government area of the state. An eyewitness who pleaded anonymity said no one went to the rescue of the victim even though she shouted for help. “The suspected kidnappers armed to the teeth with guns and matchets, arrived at the victim’s residence at about 9 pm after she had locked her gate. They knocked at her gate, pretending they wanted to buy water from her shop’’ “She opened the gate, the suspected kidnappers surrounded her, collected her phone and other movable properties including N20, 000 cash and eventually took her away to an unknown destination” When our correspondent visited the corporation (CRBC) on Wednesday, the workers were seen speaking in low tones lamenting the situation. They regretted that Journalists and broadcasters are now the targets of kidnap. The workers recalled that about a year ago, a colleague of theirs, Peter Etim, was kidnapped, with no trace of him till date “Peter Etim was one of our ardent broadcasters, he was kidnapped about a year ago by unknown kidnappers, until now, the victim had not been seen. “Why this thing kept on happening to us, we missed him, he was one of the best broadcasters. Some gunmen cornered him and kidnapped him, up till today we have not seen him, now they came and kidnapped this one” they workers fumed. When DAILY POST contacted the General Manager, Mr Eniang Ndem via phone on Wednesday, he lamented the action of the kidnappers saying it was one kidnap too many. “Mrs Glory Otu was kidnapped around 9pm at her house at Njahasang in Calabar Municipal local government area, of Cross River State. She is Head of Monitoring Unit of the Cross River Broadcasting Corporation, Radio and Television services. “She was kidnapped on Monday. She was at work on Monday and went home after work like others. The incident occurred at about 9pm at night when about six heavily armed men who went to her house at Njahasang with guns and machete knocked on her gate and pretend as if they want to buy water. “Unknowingly to her, she opened her gate and went out to attend to them but the suspects, surrounded her ordered her in, ransacked the house, collected her phones and other properties and demanded for N100, 000. “She offered them N20, 000 as the only money available at that time; they collected it and also went away with her. Upon the shout, nobody went for rescue. “Consequently, on Tuesday, the alleged kidnappers called one of the daughters of the victim and confirmed that their mother was with them and demanded for N3m ransom but the family had told them that they have no such money. We don’t know what next” he said. When our reporter called on the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) via her phone, she confirmed the incident saying that her outfit was working on ways of getting the victim release. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.