There is rising tension in Bayelsa State as unknown gunmen suspected to be thugs yesterday shot dead two policemen along the Otuogidi community of Ogbia Local Government Area of the state and carted away their riffles. The killing of the two policemen coincided with the arrival of batches from the 32,000 policemen led by 15 Commissioners of Police, three Assistant Inspectors General (AIG) of Police and the Deputy Inspectors General of Police (DIG) at the State headquarters of Police Command for onward deployment to every part of the state. Among the Commissioners of Police deployed to the State included; Garba Baba Umar, Sanusi Buba, Bello Makwashi, Usman Sule Gomina, Mohammed Gimba, Bashir Makama, Habu Sani and Danladi Bitrus Lalas. Also among the list of Police Commissioners were Omololu Bishi, Joseph Mukan. Also deployed are Acting Police Commissioner Odumosu Olusegun and others. DAILY POST gathered that the attack on the policemen occurred in the early hours of Tuesday at a check point close to the Bayelsa State College of Health Technology located in Ogbia. The attack left one of the policeman dead on the spot while the second policeman died at the hospital. However, the DIG of Police on Bayelsa Election, Anthony Ogbizi , assured the people of the State of their safety and promised that the security personnel deployed to the state will ensure that there is a level playing ground for the INEC to conduct a free, fair and credible election comes November 16th. Also speaking, Police Commissioner, Omololu Shamusideen Bishi, told newsmen that Officers and men have been deployed from the Nigerian Police headquarters to interact with the Divisional Police Officers in the State, the rank and file in the state command and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), calling on the media to assist in the area of balanced and credible coverage of the Governorship poll. He called on the people to come out en-masse to cast their votes for whichever candidate of their choice in the Saturday election and go home peacefully to wait for the outcome of the poll,” anybody that wins the election is a son of the soil and not a stranger. There is no need for anyone to fight because no office is worth the blood of the people.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.