Former Special Adviser to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan on Political Matters, Ahmed Ali Gulak, has said that it is left for the All Progressives Congress, APC, to decide who flies the party’s flag among Chibuike Amaechi, Nasir El-Rufai, Adamu Bello, Ahmed Bola Tinubu and others come 2023 presidential election. Gulak also sent a message to the people of the South East, reminding them that zoning is not in the constitution of the APC, adding that the North can produce the president in 2023 after President Buhari. He also warned those clamouring for Igbo president that the APC has no zoning arrangement backing such. Gulak who was the chairman of the Imo state governorship and National Assembly primary of the APC, told the Sun that, “It does not matter to me because I am a realist and I don’t believe in this dichotomy of North, South. “I will support whoever that is there and give him the opportunity to serve out his term. Some people claimed that for political balancing the APC should give presidential ticket to the Southeast, but such zoning and rotation is not written in our constitution. “I can also tell you that zoning is not written in the constitutions of most big parties in Nigeria. “For many persons like me, it does not matter who rules or where the next president comes from. What matters is whether the country is faring better, united and whether every part is getting its own fair share. “We must learn to treat individuals for what they are and who they are. If an Igbo, Yoruba, Hausa or Fulani will rule and treat the country fairly, I don’t have problem. Anywhere we can get somebody credible, sincere and who believes in the country, I am okay with it. “The supporters want Tinubu, El-Rufai, Amaechi, Kingibe, Fayemi, Adamu Bello to be president in 2023, but those are their views. “When the time comes, the parties will decide who flies their flag in the primaries while Nigerians will decide who becomes their president in 2023 after President Buhari.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.