The Adamawa State Police Command has reiterated that its men are intensifying the pursuit of the abductors of its DPO in Mubi North, Mujeli Ahidjo, and to free the DPO unharmed without paying a dime as ransom. The DPO was abducted on November 26 by gunmen who have been heard on video insisting on either being given N20 million ransom or they would kill him. The state Police Public Relations Officer (DPO), Sulaiman Nguroje, who spoke on the incident Saturday afternoon, said the command is not entertaining any demand for ransom. Nguroje said, “The Command has deployed Operation Puff Adder and Operation Sarauter. They are now combing the bush, blocking all the exits and making all necessary efforts to see how they can free the DPO and apprehend thr abductors. “The command did not engage in the issue of ransom but is only doing its operational strategies to rescue him unharmed, arrest the suspects and possibly prosecute them according to the law.” In an audio clip in Hausa language that has gone viral, a man believed to be the kidnappers’ leader threatened the negotiator that if the relatives of the kidnapped DPO failed to deliver the ransom on Thursday, they would kill the DPO. The negotiator labours at making the kidnappers realize that efforts were being made to raise the demand, mentioning that N500,000 had been raised. “From my side and that of traders, we have realised the sum of N500,000,” he said. The lead kidnapper gets angry at that, warning the negotiator that they (kidnappers) were not joking. He asserted, “I must tell you that we are right now holding three people, including the DPO. The two other people will be released on Thursday. If you fail to pay the ransom of the DPO, we shall surely kill him. “I will assure you that if N5 is missing from the N20 million ransom demand, you will only come to collect his dead body if you are lucky, otherwise you may not even see the dead body. “Look for Aliyu his brother and whatever you discuss, let me know.” The Thursday mentioned in the video clip has come and gone without the police being able to ascertain what is happening to the DPO. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.