Governor Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa State has inaugurated commissioners to join his cabinet. Fintiri performed the inauguration ceremony on Monday, nearly six months after he assumed office as the executive governor. Among the 23 newly inaugurated commissioners, Gov Fintiri named Adamu Atiku, a son of former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, as Commissioner for Works and Energy Development. The ministry is one of a few newly designated by the Ahmadu Fintiri administration. The other commissioners and the ministries they are to head include Mohammed Umar – Ministry of Local Government Affairs, Elijah Tumba – Ministry of Construction, Rehabilitation, intervention and Humanitarian Services (New), Dr. Ishaya John Dabari – Finance and Budget, and Barr Sunday Mathew – Housing and Urban Development. The others include Prof Isa Abdullahi – Health and Human Services (New), Hassan Kaigama – Water Resources, Dr. Umar Garba Pella – Information and Strategy, Lami Patrick – Women Affairs and Social Development, Abdullahi Prambe – Rural and Community Development, and Usman Yahaya Diyajo – Livestock and Aquaculture Development (New) The rest include Umaru Iya Daware – Tertiary and Professional Education (New), Ibrahim Mijinyawa – Land and Survey, Mustapha Musa Jika – Transportation, Sunusi Faruk – Youth and Sport and Development, Bappa Dalhatu Isa – Mineral Resources, and Aloysius Babadoke -Special Duties. Also named as commissioners were Shuaibu Audu – Environment and Natural Resources Development (New), Iliya James – Entrepreneurship Development (New), Dr. Dishi Khobe – Agriculture, Mrs Justina Nkom – Commerce and Industry, Mrs Wulbina Jackson – Education and Human Capital Development (New), and Adamu Titus – Culture and Tourism. Governor Fintiri charged the new commissioners to be diligent as the political heads of their ministries and guard against corrupt practices. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.