The leadership Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) on Wednesday said its attention has been drawn to a picture of the CAN President Rev. Dr Samson Ayokunle, Kogi State CAN Chairman and Governor Yahaya Bello on social media. Barr. Kwamkur Samuel Vondip, Director, Legal and Public Affairs, in a statement sent to DAILY POST, said the photo is being painted as if the CAN President went to the Governor to pray for his re-election ahead of Saturday’s election. “Let it be known that those behind this cheap propaganda are glaringly mischievous individuals who do not mean well for the church and Nigeria. “They are people without the fear of God who forgot that God will hold them responsible for every idle/evil word and misleading information they spread about others,” he said. Vondip recalled that Bello in July 2019, proposed to lay the foundation of the first ever Chapel at the Government House so that the Christians would have a place of worship just as their Muslim counterparts. He added: “The Kogi CAN leadership invited the President of CAN to come and lay the foundation stone of the chapel and this was done to the glory of God, and of course special prayers were held at the function for the government of Kogi State. “We wonder when it becomes a sin for the President of CAN to lay the foundation of a chapel and pray for government functionaries! “For any person to bring up the picture at this critical period of elections and paint it as prayers for the reelection of the Governor shows the extend of mischief and desperation by the individuals behind it. “We therefore debunk this type of blackmail and warn the people behind it to desist from this type of manipulation because God will hold them liable for this evil one day. This information is totally false and misleading. “We call on all Christians and indeed well meaning Nigerians to disregard any information purported to emanate from CAN on the forth coming elections in Kogi and Bayelsa States. “CAN is not patisan and cannot identify with any particular candidate or candidates in the forth coming election in Kogi and Bayelsa States. “CAN calls on Christans to come out enmass to exercise their franchise and also calls on all Nigerians to pray for fair, peaceful and credible elections in the two States.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.