Popular American Rapper, T.I. has revealed that he takes his daughter, 18, to the gynaecologist to check her hymen and confirm she’s still a virgin every year. T.I made the shocking revelation while on the ‘ ‘Ladies Like Us’podcast. He, however, admitted that he is not that strict with his 15-year-old son who he said is sexually active and he doesn’t have a problem with that. According to him, it is very important to him that his teenage daughter Deyjah Harris has not had sex yet. He added that he accompanies her on her annual checkup to the gynaecologist and insists on her signing a waiver to allow the doctor to share confidential status about her virginity with him. He told the hosts: “Not only have we had the conversation about keeping her virginity, we have yearly trips to the gynaecologist to check her hymen “Yes, Yes I go with her. This is what we do Usually, like the day after the [birthday] party, she’s enjoying her gifts. I put a sticky note on the door: ‘Gyno. Tomorrow. 9:30.’ “So we’ll go and sit down and the doctor will come and talk and the doctor’s maintaining a high level of professionalism. He’s like, ‘Well, you know sir, I have to, in order to share information’ — I’m like, ‘Deyjah, they want you to sign this paper so we can share information. Is there anything you would not want me to know?’ ‘See doc? No problem.’ “So then they come and say, ‘Well, I just want you to know that there are other ways besides sex that the hymen can be broken, like bike riding, athletics, horseback riding, and just other forms of athletic physical activity.’ “So I say, ‘Look doc, she don’t ride no horses, she don’t ride no bike, she don’t play no sports. Just check the hymen please and give me back my results expeditiously.’ “But I will say as of her 18th birthday, her hymen is still intact.” T.I. defended his actions by saying he thinks a lot of people wish their parents had been more protective of them. “I think that most kids in hindsight, looking back, they always thank their parents for not allowing them to damage themselves as much as they could have.” “I don’t want guys to woo my daughter even though she’s now an adult. They’re no fun. Who wants a virgin? Like, really? All that work. “I don’t want any of my children to have sex before it’s time for them, but who’s to say when it’s time? “However, I will definitely feel different about a boy than I will about a girl. And that’s just the God’s honest truth. I don’t think there’s any father out there who’ll tell you any different,” the rapper added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.