The All Progressives Congress (APC) on Sunday declared that its candidate for Kogi West Senatorial supplementary election “will reclaim his earlier stolen mandate”. Adeyemi will go into the re-run against People’s Democratic Party (PDP) candidate, Dino Melaye. The November 16 election was declared inconclusive and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has fixed November 30 for the conclusion. National Publicity Secretary, APC Lanre Issa-Onilu, in a statement, said the PDP and Melaye were frustrated that they could not rig the election and have been spreading fake news to change hard facts. It said: “The PDP has predictably gone to town with the usual lamentations on the forthcoming supplementary election. The PDP has even threatened to boycott the election. Who is fooling who? “Nobody is fooled by the PDP’s statement boycotting the supplementary election. The All Progressives Congress (APC) will not drop its guard in our quest to get a clear majority of the remaining votes in the affected units. “Why should the supplementary election be cancelled as being demanded by the PDP? Is it because the PDP has already lost the election? “As the wide margin of valid votes from the November 16 exercise show, it is clear that Dino Melaye and the PDP have lost the election. “PDP’s doomsday will surely not be postponed a second time. Come November 30, the APC candidate, Senator Smart Adeyemi will reclaim his earlier stolen mandate. “How many times does the PDP need to be reminded that APC has not and will not copy the PDP’s inglorious tactics of using state institutions, particularly INEC, the judiciary and security agencies to manipulate the electioneering process? “The business of the National Assembly is a serious one, equally meant for serious and patriotic-minded persons. The Kogi electorate have decidedly rejected individuals who sacrificed national interest to achieve their selfish political agenda. “Nigerians will recall the lead roles Senator Dino Melaye played in frustrating the 2019 budget, legislative approval for INEC’s election budget, and executive interventions requiring senate approval. “Commendably, those days are gone as the Nigerian electorate have thrown out the unpatriotic and sabotaging legislators. The National Assembly and the executive now enjoy a cordial relationship that ensures good governance and brings dividends to the people.” APC called on INEC and relevant security agencies to ensure that everything needed to make the November 30 senatorial supplementary election in Kogi transparent, free, credible and safe is put in place. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.