The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has alerted the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) that agents of Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello and the All Progressives Congress (APC) are threatening and forcing presiding officers, including NYSC members to endorse prefilled results sheets in favour of the ruling party in some local government areas. PDP alleged that the act was ongoing in Okene and Okehi Local Government Areas in Kogi Central Senatorial zone, where the governor and the APC are desperate to allocate fictitious votes and fabricate results in their favour. A statement by PDP’s spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan said: “Given the magnitude of the manipulation, the PDP urges INEC not to accept any results coming from the Okene and Okehi local government areas as they have already been compromised. Moreover, the PDP and other
stakeholders in this election will never accept manipulated results coming from the two local government areas.” The party also called on security agencies to immediately “detail a reinforced team to Okene and Okehi to save the lives of the presiding officers and the NYSC members from the APC and agents of Yahaya Bello.” Ologbondiyan said: “INEC and security officials must take immediate steps to arrest the situation as the development is already causing tension and could lead to the electorate having no option than to resort to self-help to defend their democratic rights. “We urge INEC to note that the APC is manipulating the
electoral process, causing deliberate delays and swapping of election materials, all in a bid to cause confusion in the process. “For instance, in Kabba/Bunu Okekoko Ward Unit 9, the baby units have been reduced from two to one, a situation that will lead to disenfranchising of voters to reduce votes belonging to the PDP. “Also the serial number on the ballot papers brought to the area is different from numbers on ballot papers released in Abuja for the area. Such swapping of ballot papers is a deliberate ploy to cause confusion
and derail the electoral process in PDP stronghold.” PDP urged INEC to immediately correct “all the anomalies as every genuine vote cast must be made to count in this election.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.