A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the ex-governorship candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC) in Abia State during the 2019 election, Amb. Vincent Ubani has attacked the Minister of State, Mines and Steel Development, Dr Uchechukwu Ogah over the alleged role he played during the general elections in the state. Ubani claimed that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the State-sponsored the Minister during the March 23 gubernatorial poll, attributing that to the poor outing of APC in the last election in Abia. The APC chieftain insisted that Dr Ogah lacked the needed leadership acumen to steer the ship of governance in Abia and the country, Nigeria at large. Ubani who spoke during interactions with newsmen in Umuahia, the state capital on Thursday evening, alleged that the former APC gubernatorial flag bearer (Ogah) and his cohorts undermined the political fortunes of President Muhammadu Buhari and the APC in the South-East zone. The APC stalwart also slammed the Mines and Steel Minister over his latest romance with Governor Okezie Ikpeazu-led government after the election and inauguration as member of the Federal Executive Council(FEC). He also claimed that, “PDP was flying the governorship ticket of APC in the last election in Abia. PDP controlled the APC structures. You are aware that the present Ikpeazu-led administration is a total failure. The same structure is still controlling the affairs of the state. “Uche Ogah and Ikpeazu are working hand in hand, they are sharing Abia resources. Their plan is after Ikpeazu’s completion of his second term, Ogah will take over governance of this state come 2023. He cannot rule Abia state, because, Abia people are in dire need of good leadership that is anchored on transparency and accountability. “He lacks leadership charisma. He cannot stand as a man the people wants. I expect nothing from him as Minister. He wouldn’t perform well. Not only him, but many of the APC leaders also sabotaged the party which led to massive defeat by the PDP. Most of them are in the payroll of Ikpeazu clueless government. These men feed fat on public treasury, and sharing wealth of the state. Asked to speak on the Buhari-led Federal government anti-corruption crusade, Ambassador Ubani opined, “The President is fighting corruption, but, people surrounding him are not corruption fighters. They are out for stomach infrastructure. He added, “We as progressive-minded Abians in APC, who really want President Buhari and APC to succeed, we will continue to stand on truth and demand for good leadership. I am confident that at the expiration of the President second term in office, Nigeria people will see monumental development especially in the area of economy and infrastructures”. Meanwhile, as at the time of this news report, attempt to either reach the Minister, Dr. Uchechukwu Ogah or his aides for comment was unsuccessful. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.