There is tension in Boki local government area of Cross River State following the reported abduction of three farmers in Buje community. DAILY POST gathered that the suspected kidnappers were yet to contact the community for ransom. An indigene of the community said “We have looked round the entire bush, but they are yet to be found. We suspect that the abductors are from neighbouring communities.” “What we recovered were a trouser and two shirts. The items were said to belong to one of the victims,” he explained. Speaking with DAILY POST on phone on Monday, a Chief of Boki Charles Kembre said, “For a long time now, we have been having problems with Nsadop and Ebendeghe people, and because of that, we are thinking whether any of these communities may have abducted our people. “We cannot say categorically that they are responsible but they are close to the boundary where the three persons were abducted. “We have reported the matter to the Police and they have invited the three communities for a meeting on Tuesday.” Reacting, the Special Adviser on Security to Governor Ayade in the Central Senatorial District, Ransime Odey told our correspondent via phone on Monday. ‘yes, there is crisis in Buje and Nsadop. Buje is claiming that three persons who went to work in the farm were missing and they suspected that Nsadop people abducted them. “They matched in their numbers to go and demand for their people, singing war songs; we called all the leaders and tried to stop them, that was on Friday. On Saturday, there was almost a clash between the warring communities because of the Friday incident. “The Army was invited and they were able to forestall any incident and violence but today, Monday, we heard that there was almost another skirmish, the military is still there, they have not called me yet, I can’t confirm the situation. ‘We have called for peace with a view to determining if truly the three persons are missing, so that we can investigate and know what to do. We have Police, DSS, Nigeria Civil Defence and other security agencies there and they have increased their patrol.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.