The gubernatorial flag bearer of the All Progressives Grand Alliance(APGA) in the last 2019 election in Abia state, Alex Otti, says he remains a member of and bonafide leader of APGA in the state. He again dismissed the purported suspension allegedly slammed on him by a factional leadership of APGA in the state led by Rev. Augustine Ehiemere. Otti who spoke during an interview with newsmen in Aba on Sunday, claimed that the faction of APGA was sponsored by the ruling Peoples Democratic Party-led government in Abia, whereby the factional leadership attempted to withdraw the petition filed before the tribunal challenging the PDP candidate’s victory and the incumbent, Governor Okezie Ikpeazu but failed woefully. Recall that the Augustine Ehiemere -led factional leadership of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, had after the 2019 election, suspended Dr Alex Otti over alleged plans to use his political structure, Abia First Organization to destabilize the opposition party in the state. However, in Otti’s words, “No! I couldn’t have been suspended. No sane person dispenses with a good product. It is part of the challenges of lack of character and indiscipline that have made a lot of decent people shy away from active politics in Nigeria, but some of us knew we would encounter such disgusting characters in the course of trying to salvage our state, and we were prepared to deal with such as part of the sacrifice to upscale the polity. “What happened was that after the shameful sham of election conducted by INEC in connivance with the Abia PDP which saw the return of Okezie Ikpeazu as governor, the government saw there was an atmosphere of disappointment and sadness in Abia, and in a bid to give Ikpeazu’s so-called victory some legitimacy and popularity, they penetrated and compromised our party’s then outgoing state chairman, who had repeatedly denounced Ikpeazu’s so-called election victory and condemned the Independent National Electoral Commission’’ Shortly after, the former state chairman(Augustine Ehiemere) who was also the state chairman of the Inter-Party Advisory Council was led to meet the governor to congratulate him. This was after rejecting the results of the governorship election. My party naturally was shocked and was going to apply disciplinary actions but I prevailed on the party not to since his tenure was coming to an end and also, we were heading to the tribunal. “Instead of stepping down on the expiration of his tenure, the former chairman organised some of the renegades working with him to form a faction and subsequently issued a statement that they have suspended me. We went ahead with our state congresses that produced a new executive led by Nkem Okoro as the state Chairman. As far as the state chapter of the APGA is concerned, it had lost its former chairman and his co-travellers to the PDP. “We have since moved on without them and we do not intend to take issues with them as that would amount to unwarranted distraction. When the renegades feel no one is hearing from them again, they would issue a press release alleging that one key leader or the other has been suspended. No one knows from where they are operating though some people allege that they operate from the Government House in Umuahia”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.