No fewer than nine kidnap suspects were yesterday remanded in Abakaliki Correctional Centre for allegedly kidnapping a 65-year-old man, one Ogbonna Irem Elechi and collected N30,000, as ransom. The suspects; Anthony Chinedu ‘m’, Egba Abraham ‘m’, Ominyi Micheal “m’, Ede Egba ‘m’, Eze Daniel ‘m’, Oroke Stephen ‘m’, Ali Chukwuemeka ‘m’, Ndubuisi Igboke ‘m’, Ogwudu Joshua ‘m’ and others now at large were arraigned before a magistrate court sitting in Abakaliki, capital of Ebonyi State. It was gathered that the accused persons and others now at large committed the offences on Monday, October 28, 2019, at Ukwuagba-Ngbo community in the Ohaukwu Local Government Area of the state. They were arraigned in court, on two counts charge’s bodering on kidnapping and conspiracy. The Police Prosecutor, Barr Eze Ndubuaku, told the court that the offense was punishable under sections 516A (a) and 4 (1) (a) Criminal Code, Cap. 33 Vol. 1; Cap. 55 Vol. 2, Laws of Ebonyi State of Nigeria, 2009. The charge read, “That you Anthony Chinedu ‘m’, Egba Abraham ‘m’, Ominyi Micheal “m’, Ede Egba ‘m’, Eze Daniel ‘m’, Oroke Stephen ‘m’, Ali Chukwuemeka ‘m’, Ndubuisi Igboke ‘m’, Ogwudu Joshua ‘m’ and others now at large on the 28th day of October, 2019, at Ukwuagba Ngbo, in the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court did conspire amongst yourselves to commit felony to wit, kidnapping and thereby committed an offense punishable under section 516A (a) of the Criminal Code Cap. 33, Vol. 1 Laws of Ebonyi State of Nigeria, 2009. “That you Anthony Chinedu ‘m’, Egba Abraham ‘m’, Ominyi Micheal ‘m’, Ede Egba ‘m’, Eze Daniel ‘m’, Oroke Stephen ‘m’, Ali Chukwuemeka ‘m’, Ndubuisi Igboke, Ogwudu Joshua ‘m’ and others now at large on the same date and place in the aforementioned Magisterial District did unlawfully kidnap one Ogbonna Irem Elechi ‘m’ and collected the sum of thirty thousand naira (N30,000) as ransom and thereby committed an offense contrary to section 4(1)(a) and punishable under section 4 (2) of Ebonyi State Internal Security Enforcement and other related matters Laws Cap. 55, Vol. 2, Laws of Ebonyi State of Nigeria, 2009.” It stated. In her ruling, the Magistrate, Nnenna Onuoha, directed that the accused persons be remanded at the Nigerian Correctional Centre, Abakaliki and their case file should be transferred to the Director of Public Prosecutions in the state, for necessary advice. Meanwhile, the matter was adjourned till November 21, for report of compliance. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.