The Tai Solarin College of Education (TASCE), Omu-Ijebu has got its first Governing Council in 11 years, amidst the crisis rocking the higher institution of learning. DAILY POST recalls that staff of TASCE had been at loggerheads with Gov Dapo Abiodun over their 60 months unpaid salaries. Gov Abiodun of Ogun State recently said he had considered shutting down the crises-stricken College of Education, over the unending controversies surrounding the payment of salaries being owed by the state government. Our correspondent gathered that one of the requests of the staff was the constitution of a governing council. This, they believe, would check the alleged “executive recklessness” of the Provost, Dr Lukman Kiadese. The Ogun state government yesterday announced the constitution of the Governing Council for TASCE according to a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Tokunbo Talabi. The 12-member Governing Council will be chaired by Chief Yemi Adefulu. Speaking with DAILY POST on behalf of other staff of the college, Daniel Aborisade, who is a union leader, lauded Gov Abiodun for constituting the council. However, Aborisade said the council would not make any meaningful impact if it had no fund to work with, asking, “Will the government provide the necessary tools to make the council functional?” Aborishade told the council that “part payment of our 60 months arrears is a stimulus for turnaround in the institution”, adding that “regular payment of salary, full salary, is equally a necessity.” He added that the release of letters of promotion with attendant financial implication should also be made a priority, saying “it is also one of the yearnings of the workers.” “The Constitution of the Governing Council in TASCE is a good move. It is what is expected in the running of a tertiary institution. “Now that it has been constituted, I believe they know the enormity of the task ahead. Of course they know. Even those not living in Nigeria know about the staunch problem of TASCE. “Will the government provide the necessary tools to make the council functional? The first tool is money. Without money, the council will look as if it can not perform. “The calibre of the people in that council are goal getters, but they have to work with something. Part payment of our 60 months arrears is a stimulus for turnaround in the institution. Regular payment of salary, as in full salary, is equally a necessity. Release of letters of promotion with attendant financial implications is also one of the yearnings of the workers. I am sure the members of the council know these and many more. “Ground for smooth turnaround of the school has already been paved. Kudos to those who went over the state and beyond to canvas for students to enroll in our college. Many directorates to bring in money is now on ground. OOU degree programme is on. It is also rumoured that the University of Ibadan degree affiliation is equally brewing. These are fantastic foundations that the council can fine tune and make more productive. “But please, don’t tell us to continue like we are now, when we worked for three months and were paid mutilated one month salary. We are happy that the council will come and dry our tears. Let the council prevail on the governor that he should release some money for the school and give us some time to stabilise. “Telling us to wait for the Ventures and the degree programmes before paying us is like asking someone who wants to prepare stew to wait for a planted palm nut to grow, mature, and be processed before the person gets palm oil for his stew. “And please, bring into remembrance all the endurance of the staff during the time of the locust that we are in now. There should be garlands for Valiant workers and not condemnation. God will guide the council right. “The success of the council depends on the provision of funds and the encouragement of the government. Don’t let convocation be the main reason for the constitution of the council,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.