Some Nigerians have reacted to Super Eagles’ 2-1 victory over Benin Republic in a 2021 Africa Cup of Nations, AFCON, qualifier encounter on Wednesday. DAILY POST had reported that the Super Eagles had to fight from a goal down, as the Squirrels opened scoring at the Godswill Akpabio International Stadium in Uyo. Stephane Sessegnon latched on a defensive error to make it 1-0. Victor Osimhen made it 1-1 from the penalty spot, shortly before half time. Samuel Kalu grabbed the winner, with a fine solo goal. In reaction, some Nigerians have expressed sadness over an underwhelming broadcast and scruffy commentary, which has the entire country talking, while a few numbers of citizens were happy with the result of the encounter. Here are some reactions gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @AweelowBaba, “We and Benin no be mate. Big ups to the Super Eagles of Nigeria.” @Honey_oly, “I can’t believe the commentator said Super eagles 2-1 Nigeria. And I can’t believe its a live match I thought they played the match b4 independence NTA’s picture quality is piss poor. Congratulations Super eagles.” @joshkbox11, “Refree blew the whistle. Nigeria’s commentator did not hear he just saw movements. So he said I’m believing that’s the end of the match.” @Sopein1, “It was supposed to be a match between Nigeria and Benin Republic but it ended with Super Eagles 2-Nigeria 1… If you don’t believe me, hear the commentator. @iamDarmeeArc, “Did I just hear super eagles 2 vs Nigeria 1 from the commentator.” @EtzPrudent, “Those of you that watched the Nigeria vs Benin match for 90 minutes are the real heroes. I couldn’t cope with that 1909 coverage. I had to change the channel. Anyway, congratulations to Super Eagles.” @olaleyedada, “The match btw Nigeria and Benin Republic though!! The commentator so whack, I couldn’t keep still. At the end he was like “Super Eagles-2, Nigeria-1”. Even blew the whistle 7mins before the end of the match.” @FacesbykocoMua, “I believe that’s the end of the match, that should be the end of the match, that has been the end of the match, yes it’s the end of the match! Signing out here. Super Eagles 2 – Nigeria 1 largest TV network in Africa“- commentator on NTA.” @Emmycuzy_B, “So, This is the man aired the match #NGABEN No wonder I heard the commentator saying Super Eagles 2 Nigeria 1 #shameonnta My eyes just dey pain me.” @Iam_bossmann, “Nigeria can’t even broadcast a competitive game to football fans but want to pass a bill recommending death sentence for hate speech. When living in Nigeria and being Nigerian is almost a death sentence. Joke of a country.” @GodwinOdiko, “How are you enjoying NTA’s coverage of #NGABEN? My country, my country #AFCON2021Q.” @tayo_taiwo, “Bruh @DStv @DStvNg on behalf of all Nigerians, we are sorry for disrespecting your company. We have taken those broadcasts for granted, thank you so much for not making NTA our national reality.” @ofonime_ukpe, “Thank God Tammy Abraham and Tomori made a better choice, imagine their families watching them play on NTA right now. #NGABEN.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.