 When they announced their presence into the highly competitive and equally saturated presence on the Nigerian real estate sphere, many naysayers took their vision with a pinch of salt. But today, the company has become a force to reckon with in real estate development in Nigeria.  With a guiding mantra that says, “developer that truly care”, T Pumpy has no doubt been able to live up to their vision statement by making lands and houses affordable for every Nigerians, irrespective of class and status in the nation’s capital From a humble beginning, the CEO, Akintayo Aderalegbe, an accountant by profession, kicked of his journey into the real estate industry at Lugbe area of Abuja, within a space of time, he became a household name and a toast to many people. As a developer that truly cares, T Pumpy earlier this year flagged of a campaign where subscribers were given over a thousand block after outright payment, a gesture that was first of its kind in the industry.  Coming on the success of the promo, T Pumpy also launched the Buy, Connect and win Promo where a nurse went home with a Honda CrossTour. At the moment, Abuja for All, a campaign that was designed to make lands affordable for residents of the capital city. The Abuja for All campaign is aimed at making lands affordable and accessible to all Nigerians who wish to own a property in the nation’s capital irrespective of class or status.  The promo would afford interested subscribers opportunity to move to site after making 50% down payment and can spread the balance in six months by instalments. The promo comes in three different categories viz. Platinum, Gold and Silver.  The silver package, which goes for N1.7m and 400SQm allows owner to build 4/5 bedroom duplex, 4 bedroom penthouse and three bedroom bungalow. Gold, which is 5000SQM and goes for N2m equally allows owner to build 4/5 bedroom duplex, 4 bedroom penthouse and three bedroom bungalow.  The Platinum package, which is 600SQM at the rate of N2.3m also allows owner to build 4/5 bedroom duplex, 4 bedroom penthouse and three bedroom bungalow. Note that all packages come with outright payment or six months payment plan,” he added.  The T-Pumpy Concept team has decades of providing industry-acclaimed off-site home design and construction. Whether you’re interested in a manufactured home or an innovative modular design, the T-Pumpy Concept team continues to deliver what home buyers are looking for in their new homes along with the quality construction they expect and deserve. Office address: House 23, (F) Road, Beside RCCG Resurrection Parish, FHA Lugbe, Abuja.  Follow us on our social media platforms. Insagram: T.pumpy_estates Facebook: Tpumpy Estates YouTube : T.pumpy Estates Website: http://tpumpyconcept.com WhatsApp/call: 09054545468 or 09023333380 Welcome to the world of T Pumpy Limited, …developers that truly care.    Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.