Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. A Court of Appeal sitting in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, on Monday set aside the tribunal judgement that nullified the petition brought to the court by the Governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Mr. Adebayo Adelabu in the March 9th election in Oyo state against Governor Seyi Makinde of the State. The Appeal Court found out that the judgement of the tribunal dismissing Adelabu’s petition was perverse, therefore set it aside. 2. Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has said that the mandate given to him by the people of the state on March 9, 2019 remains intact. Makinde, in a statement issued by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Taiwo Adisa, declared that the mandate could not be taken away from him through the backdoor. 3. Two persons kidnapped by Boko Haram insurgents in Borno State have regained their freedom. One of the persons released is a pastor with Living Faith Church, Moses Oyeleke, who was abducted sometime in April, while other person, Ndagilaya Umar, is a female teacher at Government Science Secondary School, Askira. 4. Abdulkadir Balarabe Musa, a former Governor of Kaduna State in the Second Republic, has warned that break up of Nigeria will not bring solutions to the numerous issues bedevilling the country. He told newsmen that instead, the regions will also suffer from the same thing they have tried to run away from. 5. A former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode, has revealed how Muslims from the Northern region plan to hold on to power in the Aso Rock Villa for the next 20 years. Fani-Kayode believes that Buhari will handover to someone who is a Muslim from the North East after his tenure. 6. Former Minister of Petroleum and Energy, Professor Tam David-West, is dead. Report had it that West died after a brief illness at the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan on Monday. 7. Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Chuks Ibegbu, has called on the federal government to reconsider its stand on border closure as the pain Nigerians were undergoing presently outweighs the gain of the closure. He noted that security agents were the beneficiaries of the policy and like the Apapa gridlock would make it fail. 8. No fewer than six people have lost their lives in an auto crash at Sabuwar Gwaram village along Bauchi-Alkaleri road. The Head of Operations, Federal Road Safety Corps, Bauchi Sector Command, Deputy Corp Commander Ibrahim Abubakar, said the two vehicles involved in the accident were a Toyota Camry and a Volkswagen Golf Car.
He attributed the accident to over-speeding. 9. Legal luminary, Femi Falana, has alerted that the Department of State Services (DSS) was preparing a fresh charge against Omoyele Sowore, convener of Revolution Now. Falana said he was reliably informed last night by a security official that the government was currently fishing for evidence against Sowore. 10. The Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC), an Islamic human rights organization, has kicked against the expulsion of two female Christian youth corpers from the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Ebonyi State.
MURIC leader, Professor Ishaq Akintola, in a statement on Tuesday, said those expelled have the right to satisfy their conscience regarding what to wear and what not to wear in public. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.