The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has demanded that the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu immediately reverse the provocative and brazen deployment of the Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello’s former ADC, CSP Usman Musa, to coordinate security in the November 16 governorship election. The party made the demand while stressing that the IGP should be ready to accept responsibility for any breakdown of law and order as well as “directly bear the guilt for any loss of life in any part of the state during the election, if he fails to withdraw the CSP Musa, who have since been transferred to Lagos state.” In a statement by its spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan, the party informed the IGP that the people of Kogi State are already aware of how CSP Musa has been compromised and directed by the governor and
the APC to use excessive force, intimidate and arrest voters, aid APC thugs to unleash violence and ensure that votes do not count. The statement reads: “We have also been made aware of directives by the APC and agents of Governor Yahaya Bello to shoot and kill during the election to aid the manipulation of the electoral process for the APC. “We therefore calls on the IGP to note that the deployment of CSP Musa will lead to avoidable violence, bloodletting and extra-judicial killings, adding that the IGP and the police hierarchy should be ready to bear the guilt of any loss of life, if CSP Musa is not withdrawn from
Kogi elections. “We counsel the IGP not to allow Governor Bello and the APC to entangle him in their plots and soil his hands with innocent blood through the deployment of CSP Musa in the election.” PDP also urged the IGP to bear in mind that the people of the state already know the brief CSP Musa has from Governor Bello and the APC. The party urged the police boss to avert the “looming violence in the Kogi election by immediately withdrawing CSP Musa and moving him out of
the state.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.