Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, on Sunday declared that some people he described as saboteurs are out to destabilize his government. Makinde stated this while addressing the congregation at the St. Paul Anglican Church, Yemetu, Ibadan, during the 80th thanksgiving service for his mother, Mrs. Abigael Makinde.
He indicated that some saboteurs were striving to stall the efforts of his government to develop the state adding, however, that his administration was determined to make the difference. Makinde alleged that some people were seeking to divide the people of the state through religion. He said that the nature of families in Oyo State was such that adherents of different religions, especially Islam and Christianity co-habit in the same family. He stated that religion cannot, therefore, be exploited as a weapon to divide the people and cause disaffection and disunity in the State. “Some people don’t want this government to succeed. Take for example, on my way here, I realised that some people intentionally dumped their refuse on the median. I know that it is not the people of this area that generated those wastes. “Some people took it as their assignment to drop those wastes there knowing that I will pass through that road today. They performed the evil act because they knew I was going to pass through the road to this place today, but we thank God for his usual support. We will continue to serve the people of the Oyo State. “I want to greet the Aare Musulumi of Yorubaland, Edo and Delta states, Alhaji Dawud Akinola because he is here with us today. What this means is that those who are seeking to use religion to divide us should look for another job. “As a government, we will do what is right and proper. There is not one family in this state that there is no Muslims or Christians, so, issues of religion cannot divide us in Oyo state. “Once again, I thank the good people of Oyo State for your unalloyed support for this administration. “When we were praying, someone said she has seen Mama Seyi (Governor’s mother) and that she too wants to give birth to a Governor. “For the first 13 years of my life, where we lived was not more than five minutes to where we are now. My mum was a Telephone Operator in the state secretariat. At Adeoyo State Hospital here, I and my brother Muyiwa also used to help her sell bread by the gate of Adeoyo State Hospital. “What can propel a child who used to live some five minutes away from here [Yemetu] to become a Governor of Oyo state is education. And that is why we have declared that free and qualitative education has come to stay in Oyo state. “On behalf of the entire Makinde family, I say thank you to all for the honour done to my mother,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.