Good Morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspaper 1. The Federal High Court, Abuja, has said that Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai, cannot stop the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) from investigating him. Justice Binta Nyako said this while delivering the judgment, on Friday, in a suit no: FHC/ABJ/CS/60/09 filed by El-Rufai. The governor was seeking the court’s determination whether as the then minister of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), he had complied with the guidelines approved by the Federal Executive Council (FEC) for the sale of Federal Government houses between May 2005 and May 2007. 2. A Federal High Court in Lagos on Friday granted bail to a suspected money launderer, Ismaila Mustapha, AKA Mompha. Mompha was granted bail in the sum of N100m. The EFCC had arrested Mompha on October 19 for alleged internet fraud and money laundering at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja. Mompha was arraigned for alleged N33billion fraud. 3. Suspected armed robbers on Friday, attacked players of Ifeanyi Ubah FC in Okene, Kogi State. According to a statement on the club’s official Twitter page, the team members were on their way to Kano for the Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL) when the incident happened. It was gathered that a player and the driver sustained injuries. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari has embarked on a 5-day official visit to his country home of Daura, in Katsina State. He made the trip after attending the 5th Summit of the Gas Exporting Countries Forum in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea. Buhari arrived at the Umaru Musa Yar’Adua International Airport at 4.20 pm and was received by Governor Aminu Bello Masari. 5. The Deputy Senate President, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, has declared that the seat of Adams Oshiomhole as the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, is non-negotiable. Omo-Agege made the declaration while dismissing recent moves by some members of the party to remove Oshiomhole. Speaking in Abuja, the Deputy Senate President commended Oshiomhole for APC’s victory in Bayelsa and Kogi States. He said the victory was not a “tea party to remove the candidate of a sitting governor.” 6. The Court of Appeal sitting in Jos, the Plateau State capital on Friday reaffirmed the reelection of Governor Simon Lalong of the ruling APC as the winner of the March 9, 2019, governorship election in the State, and dismissed the Appeal of the candidate of the main opposition party, the Peoples Democratic Party’s Sen. Jeremiah Useni. Delivering the judgement, Justice A.O Otisi, resolved all the grounds (20) of appeal against the appellant in favour of the respondent. 7. The Enugu State Executive Council (EXCO) in continuation of Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi administration’s urban and rural development drive and commitment to improved living standard of the people, yesterday, took far reaching decisions aimed at actualizing fully the state government’s agenda for the state.r Briefing newsmen after the EXCO meeting, the Commissioner for Information, Nnanyelugo Chidi Aroh, stated that the council awarded contract for the rehabilitation of Orie Market-Nkwo Ida-Afor Inyi road junction in Igbo-Eze North Local Government Area at the cost of 295,377,187.88. 8. The ranks of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ekiti State was depleted on Friday as seven serving local government chairmen elected on the party’s platform joined the All Progressives Congress (APC). They swapped the umbrella for the broom at a rally held at the Fajuyi Pavilion where they were received into the APC by Governor Kayode Fayemi. The local government chairmen who defected to APC along with their supporters described Fayemi as a true leader who plays inclusive politics and never victimised them since coming to power last year. 9. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has called on the Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, Mahmood Yakubu to vacate office. PDP explained that Yakubu should vacate office because the country’s electoral system under his leadership was marred with the invasion of polling units, suppression of voters and stuffing of snatched ballot boxes. 10. Arsenal have confirmed the dismissal of Unai Emery as their manager. The decision has been taken, less than 12 hours after the Gunners lost 2-1 to Frankfurt in the Europa League. Freddie Ljunberg will take over on an interim basis, with his first game against Norwich City in the Premier League on Sunday. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.