The death toll in the cholera outbreak in Abeokuta, Ogun State capital, has risen to five, the state government has said. The Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Health in Ogun State, Dr. Ayinde Akinsanya, disclosed this on Friday, during a press briefing in Abeokuta. Akinsanya said so far, the number of reported cases has risen to 12 and five persons have died. DAILY POST had reported Thursday that four persons in Abule-Otun in the Abeokuta North Local Government Area of the state have lost their lives to the cholera outbreak. Addressing newsmen on the outbreak, the Permanent Secretary in the ministry of health said, a baby died at the Federal Medical Centre, Idi-Aba, Abeokuta, while others did not go to any health facility in the state. He said the other seven cases have been hospitalised at the State Hospital, Ijaye, Abeokuta. Akinsanya said, “On November 21, 2019, the state Epidemiology unit received a report of a laboratory-confirmed case of cholera from the Federal Medical Centre, Abeokuta. “The case index is a 33-year-old pregnant woman who presented at FMC on referral on the 19 November from a private facility. She resides in Abule-Otun, Lafenwa Abeokuta, but trades at Kuto market. “Prior to the onset of symptoms, she ate rice purchased from a food vendor with sachet water at Kuto market. There have been prior reported suspected cases of cholera linked to Kuto market, but could not be confirmed because they had commenced antibiotics. “A total of 12 cases (index case inclusive) have been line-listed. Eight reported from health facilities and four picked in the communities from retrospective case search. “One death from cases reported in the health facilities and four other deaths in the community that were never reported at the health facility, but, from the information gathered during investigation.” Speaking on the action taken by the ministry, Akinsanya said a thorough investigation has commenced in the affected communities to control the outbreak. He further said the government has conducted active case search in all health facilities, pharmacies, outlets and patent medicine vendors. According to Akinsanya, the Ogun State Water Corporation has been advised to screen local sources of water in the communities. He also said that plans have been put in place to provide alternative sources of water to break transmission. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.