The All Progressives Congress (APC) has accused the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) of allegedly planning to import militants to intimidate voters and disrupt election on Saturday in areas believed to be APC Strongholds in order to deplete the final votes that would accrue to the party after the eventual count. APC said the PDP was reacting to opinion polls from various media outlets that have given the APC estimated 85 per cent of votes in Kogi Central, 65 per cent in Kogi West and 55 per cent of the votes in Kogi East. Dr Tom Ohikere, the Secretary of the Media and Publicity Committee of the APC Campaign Council made this known to journalists on Thursday in Lokoja. He said that the militants were being smuggled from Edo, Delta and other South Western States. He said: “We have intelligence that the PDP in their desperation are plotting and snuggling militants from beyond our state to come and wreak havoc and intimidate voters on the election day. Their plan is to convey them to APC Strongholds to disrupt the poll in these places so as to deplete our votes. “They are bringing heavily armed thugs from Edo and Delta states to Kogi Central and Oduduwa from the Southwest to Kogi West Senatorial district respectively to intimidate voters and instil fear. “So that votes from potential APC voters will minimize to the barest minimum. In Kogi East also, the same arrangements have been put on ground, so that voters do not freely move around to exercise their franchise. The intelligence indicates areas like Olamaboro and Igalamela as the target. Ohikere further called on the Inspector General of police and other security outfits to do the needful and create the desired environment for voters to exercise their constitutional right. “The IG should send his men to these areas and their adjoining borders to enforce only lawful movements as well as vigilantly investigate emanating breach of security. “The security agencies should take note of the areas mentioned and mount extra surveillance to arrest the situation before it degenerates into open mayhem as intended by the PDP. “We are watching, we want our supporters to enjoy their freedom and right to vote and not to be precluded by the malevolent designs of the PDP because violence and intimidation have always been their way of winning elections”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.