Click here to read the full story. https://healthsolve.org/diabetes/ “We have to amputate your legs, Today! That’s what the doctor told me as I lay in a hospital bed. My son and daughter looked at me like they were watching their daddy die, and I guess they were. My 6yr old daughter held my hands, looked me in the eye and said – Daddy please don’t die… My wife squeezed my hand, tears streaming down her cheeks. “No,” she cried. “He can’t live the rest of his life in a wheelchair.”  “Without the amputation,” the doctor told me, “you’ll be dead within a year.” I couldn’t believe it… But 4 years ago, the doctors wanted to put me under anesthesia, and cut off my legs… leaving nothing but worthless stumps.  All because I was one of 70 million Nigerians with pre-diabetes or diabetes… …the disease that ran rampant through my body, thrashing the blood vessels in my limbs, until it practically cut off the circulation to my legs. The doctor made it clear that if he didn’t amputate, that …my legs would rotten like spoiled meat.  While my wife argued with the doctor, I got lost in my thoughts. Amputation. Sincerely, it’s every diabetic’s worst fear. And only 10 years to live. I didn’t believe it. The doctor had to be wrong. How was I going to support my family? I couldn’t run my restaurant business from a wheelchair! I would spend my last years crippled and useless? The future felt like a dark, fuzzy blur and terrifying path that I didn’t want to go through. Now, all the time I was thinking this, my wife was arguing with the doctor. And trust me, when my wife gets upset, she tends to get what she wants. When I started listening again, she was telling the doctor, “there is no way you’re cutting off his legs”. And the doctor responded, “The longest we can wait to amputate is 30 days,”. JUST 30! “If we wait any longer, it will be too dangerous.” My wife gave a short little nod like she had won, but the tears glistening in her eyes told me she was heartbroken. The next week was the worst week of my life. I sat at home on my couch, scared and depressed. My family treated me like I was already dead. My daughter said, “I love you, Daddy” every time she walked by, and my son got mad and wouldn’t talk to me. He didn’t understand why I couldn’t be around forever. I was ready to give up. But then, a Facebook post saved me. Long story short. If you or a loved one are currently suffering from Type 2 Diabetes or even pre-diabetes, you need to check out THIS urgent publication right now, before it gets taken down. Why do I want you to read this breakthrough publication so much? Simple. Your life literally depends on it. Click here to read… On clicking that link, you’ll discover the natural remedy I used to completely reverse my Type 2 diabetes in less than 90 days… Listen, it’s not your fault you have Diabetes… …and it’s not an issue of being skinny or fat. You see, once you understand that this natural product is all out to tackle the mechanism of the cause of Type 2 Diabetes, and not just some “cutting of the leaves while leaving the root method”, you’ll sharply eliminate your need for other medications. So, turn off your cell phone, and grab a pen and paper… You’re about to discover how to Destroy Your Type 2 Diabetes. Go Here: https://healthsolve.org/diabetes  Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.