The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has declared readiness to boost investment in the telecommunications industry through the African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA) Agreement. NCC Executive Vice Chairman, Prof. Umar Danbatta, spoke on Wednesday in Lagos during the Stakeholders’ Sensitisation Workshop on the Implications of the AfCFTA for Nigeria’s Communications Industry. The two-day workshop organised by NCC in collaboration with Nigerian Office for Trade Negotiation (NOTN) was themed ”Improving Nigerian Communications Industry Competitiveness for the African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA) Initiative”. Danbatta, who was represented by NCC Director of Licensing and Authorisation, Mohammed Babajika, said that Nigeria-based communications businesses should harness the potentials of the AfCFTA Agreement to their own advantage. ”The Federal Government’s aspirations to advance Nigeria’s economic development through continuous encouragement of pro-trade, pro-business, pro-investment and pro-export measures are in sync with the mandate of the NCC. ”NCC’s mandate is to stimulate investment and economic activity by protecting the interest of the government, investors and consumers within the Nigerian Communications ecosystem,” Danbatta said. He noted that there was a need to improve the competitiveness of the over 70 billion dollars Nigerian Communications sector market for the Continental Free Trade Area. Danbatta said that the workshop would draw attention of industry stakeholders to the need to fully appreciate the business implications of AfCFTA. The EVC expressed confidence that the workshop will encourage industry stakeholders on the need to seek and exploit the opportunities that will emerge in the operational phase of AfCFTA. The Chairman of NCC Board, Sen. Olabiyi Durojaiye, said that the Nigerian Communications industry’s participation in AfCFTA was necessary for achieving the rapid socio-economic development agenda of the government. He said that through its direct contribution to the GDP and its indirect contribution to the performance of other sectors, the telecommunication sector remained a facilitator of economic development. Durojaiye stressed that NCC recognises that the Continental Free Trade Area arrangement means that there is now access to extend communications services to 1.2 billion people across the African continent. ”With a larger proportion of this population made up of young people, whose hunger for data and mobile services continues to grow, there is no limit to achievement by innovative operators/investors in terms of business opportunities. ”Just the way we recognize the opportunities for investors in the African market, we also know that there are challenges not to say threats. ”Operators and investors within the communications ecosystem must fully appreciate these dynamics, in order to ensure that they prepare adequately for them. Hence, the need for this Sensitisation Workshop,” he said. The acting Director-General of NOTN, Mr Liman Liman, said that said that in order to be globally competitive, telecommunications infrastructure would require significant amount of investment both by domestic and foreign investors. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.