Some students of Moshood Abiola Polytechnic have recounted how they lost valuables to thieves who invaded their rented hostels around Ayeni, in Oluwo area of Abeokuta on Friday. This is coming barely three weeks after it was reported that students of the Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta (FUNAAB) could no longer sleep with their two eyes closed over fears that they may be robbed overnight. DAILY POST gathered that the robbers visited the MAPOLY student populated environment around 4:30 am on Friday, carting away a laptop, phones, money and other items. The unknown suspects were said to have cut opened the mosquito net on the windows of their sleeping victims to pick up potable items and bags. It was gathered that almost three houses were raided by the thieves in the area, leaving the poor students in pain. Speaking with our correspondent who visited the scene of the incident, one of the affected students, Faith Henry, said she lost her phone and money to the unfortunate incident. Faith, who just finished from the Department of Mass Communication, said the robbers stole her phone, a Tecno K7 and the sum of N15,000.  “It was around 4:30am when the incident happened. I woke up at night to use the phone. But I dropped it when I ran out of data and I was watching tv. I just felt there was something at my window. I thought it was a cat. I was scared and ran out to my neighbour’s room. “Few minutes later, I came back to pick my phone and I discovered it was no more on the bed. My handbag was also taken away with the N15,000 inside it. That money was to settle part of my house rent. I later found the bag where they dropped it outside, but everything inside it was missing. They cut my window net to peep into my room. I think there’s no more security in this Abeokuta,” she said. DAILY POST observed that the pilferers, after cutting the window net, might have used a rod to pick up items, as they could not go into their victim’s rooms which have burglary proof bars fitted at the windows. An ND 2 student of Banking and Finance, Rahmon Bakre, also informed that his Infinix Hot 6x phone was also stolen through the same process. Likewise, Taiwo Idoko, an HND 2 student of Computer Science and Ayobami Stephen who studies Marketing at final year level, told our correspondent that the robbers also visited their separate rooms, tore the window nets but there was nothing potable at sight to steal. Stephen, however, said they took away his wallet, which contained a sum of N600 and some pieces of condom. DAILY POST further gathered that a DVD player belonging to a food seller was stolen earlier, while another person also had his room burgled with an Acer Aspire V5 laptop carted away. Asked if the incidents had been reported to the police, the victims replied in the negative, adding that they were still planning to report the incident at the Adigbe Police Station in Abeokuta. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.