Not less than four persons were allegedly killed in Nsadop and Isobendeghe communal war in Boki local Government area of Cross River State. DAILY POST gathered that, of these numbers allegedly killed, three were farmers that were reportedly abducted with one new brand motorcycle taken away while one was said to have been shot dead while the war lasted. The three farmers abducted, our findings revealed were working in a farm belonging to a Bekwara man and were abducted in the farm by suspected members of Nsadop community while a brand new motorcycle was also taken. Speaking with our Correspondent via phone on Friday, the Chairman of Boje Community Development Association, Chief Charles Kembre said, “For some time now there had been this problem between Nsadop and Isobendeghe” He said that two days before the war, suspected members of Nsadop community destroyed farm lands belonging to Isobendeghe and a day after, three persons were abducted in the bush in Boje. “The kidnapped victims are from Benue State, others from Bekwara local government area and Mbube in Ogoja local government area of Cross River. We have strangers working in our farms. The kidnapped victims were working in a farm owned by a man from Bekwara.. “The war was inside the forest in which one person was killed and four others sustained bullet wounds and they are receiving treatments at various health facilities in the area,” the Chairman stated. Chief Kembre, however, commended President Buhari for deploying soldiers to the war torn communities of Nsadop, Isobendeghe and Boje, “We appreciate President Buhari for the deploying Soldiers to the three communities with intention to secure them permanently. “We are very grateful to the soldiers for guarding the communities, the problem between the communities had lingered for so long without response, hence our most grateful to President Buhari whose action had made the Governor, Prof Ben Ayade to react swiftly and now we are safe” he stated. When contacted, the State Commissioner of Police, CP Nkereuwem A. Akpan said, “We should not deceive ourselves, the crisis between the communities had been lingered for long, in fact it a perennial one, until the elites come together and embrace peace and love, the issue will continue to linger. “We are going back to the area by next week to seek a lasting solution to the crisis; we shall put our efforts to ensure that peace is returned. But in the interim, we have witnessed peace as we have deployed security operatives to the area” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.