The 2015 governorship candidate of the Progressive Peoples Alliance(PPA), in Abia State, now a chieftain of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), Sir Chikwe Udensi, has tackled Governor Okezie Ikpeazu-led administration over the deplorable state of affairs in Abia which according to him, had negatively and psychologically affected people of the state. The APGA chieftain said the current Peoples Democratic Party(PDP)-led government lacked focus and feel deliberately unconcern to the genuine suffering people of Abia, as well as other inhabitants in the state from different nationalities. Udensi, who is also a member of the Board of Trustees of APGA, made his opinion known in a statement made available to newsmen on Monday night by his Media Assistant, Mr. Authority Ukpbai, in Umuahia, asserting that the State government has failed woefully in all economic ramifications, attributing it to Ikpeazu-led administration’s lack of clear ideology to address myriads of problems ravaging Abia, which ranged from hunger, hardship and criminalities. The statement said, “The present government of Abia State have long lost concern and empathy for the masses it claims to lead, protect and represent. The promises seems too far from being fulfilled. “When political promises collides with Godfathers and economic realities, its fulfillment becomes a rocket science. Except for leaders who in practical terms, have a clear cut ideology on how to solve political and economic equations. “It is crystal Clear that the government of Okezie Ikpeazu does not understand the circumstances and factors responsible for the continuous decay of a city that should be the economic hub of Africa, let alone having a clue on how to fix the city. As an ex-director(Ikpeazu) of Abia State Environmental Protection Agency(ASEPA), who found it difficult to ensure effective disposal of common refuse in Aba metropolis will certainly find it extraordinarily cumbersome to govern an entire state. “The Job is really enormous for him, coupled with the fact that he decided to surround himself with inept co- leaders who care less about how things ought to be. He is certainly Incapable of negotiating the conditions necessary for our liberation. Together we shall build a New Abia”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.