The Clerk to National Assembly (CNA), Alhaji Sani Omolori, on Monday, in Abuja charged Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello, to do some sober reflections on the past in other to plan better for the future as he prepares to begin a second term in office. In a congratulatory message made available to DAILY POST, which he sent to Bello to mark the latter’s victory in the November 16, 2019 governorship election, he tasked the governor on good governance in second term of office. Omolori, in a letter with reference number NASS /CNA/03 /Vol. 1/101 and dated 21 November, 2019 further advised the Governor to be more humane, God-fearing. According to Omolori, although it was usual for many to do a lot of merry making to mark successes, it is better to do sober reflection and plan better. He said: “On occasions like this, it is the practice to mark with a lot of merry-making, the achievement of successes. But for me, it should be an occasion for sober reflections on our yesterday that gave chance to today and therefore, positively plan for a better and greater tomorrow.” “In managing successes, which is a more difficult task than its attainment, the last four years should serve as the lesson to move onto the coming months with renewed fear of Almighty Allah and indeed, a greater resolve to be just, fair, humane and sober while rededicating your efforts towards serving our people better.” Omolori added He reminded Bello that the burden of leadership was a heavy one which every leader needed serious prayers to carry. “Your Excellency, my brother, the burden of leadership is heavy. I pray for Allah’s guidance and protection in the months and years ahead” The letter reads: “My family and I received, with thanks to the Almighty Allah, the results of the recent gubernatorial election in Kogi state where you were declared the winner. Accept our congratulations. “We thank the Almighty Allah, the Creator of the universe and the only One who ordained all the events at this world and their consequences. On occasions like this, it is the practice to mark with a lot of merry-making, the achievement of successes. But for me, it should be an occasion for sober reflections on our yesterday that gave chance to today and therefore, positively plan for a better and greater tomorrow. “In managing successes, which’ Is a more difficult task than its attainment, the last four years should serve as the lesson to move onto the coming months with renewed fear of Almighty Allah SWT and indeed, a greater resolve to be just, fair, humane and sober while rededicating your efforts towards serving our people better. “Your Excellency, my brother, the burden of leadership is heavy. I pray for Allah’s guidance and protection in the months and years ahead. Best wishes.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.