The National Youths Service Corps (NYSC) on Saturday declared that road accidents remain the major factor responsible for the death of many corps members in the country. NYSC Area Coordinator, South West, Mr. Emmanuel Attah, stated this when he paid an official visit to the NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp in Iseyin,Oyo State. Attah, while speaking, advised corps members undergoing the one year national service with the scheme to seek proper approval before they embark on any journey while serving. Attah, who was received at the Orientation Camp by the State Coordinator of the scheme, Eniola Ambekemo and other staffers, warned the corps members not to embark on unauthorized journeys as such may lead to unpleasant experiences during the service year. He insisted that most of the cases of death recorded of Corps members were from road crashes. In order to avoid death of corps members while serving, Attah urged them to settle down at their places of primary assignment and avoid gallivanting around. He, however, advised that if they must travel at all, they should obtain permission through the laid down procedure by the scheme. He assured them that their request will be granted if found to be genuine. “Corps members have been warned not to embark on unauthorized journeys as such may lead to unpleasant experiences during the service year. “Most of the cases of death recorded of corps members were from road crashes. I urged the corps members to settle down at their Places of Primary Assignment and avoid gallivanting around. If they must travel at all, they should obtain permission through the laid down procedure by the scheme. He assured them that their request will be granted if found to be genuine. “It would be recalled that lately the National Youth Service Corps has established six area offices all over the nation. This was done in a bid to decentralize its operations for effective monitoring and supervision of corps members. Each of them is located in each geopolitical zone of the country. All the States in a particular zone are under the supervision of the Area Coordinator.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.