The All Progressives Congress (APC), on Sunday, said it was certain of securing the majority votes for the Kogi and Bayelsa governorship seats and the Kogi West Senatorial seat. The party also noted that it was satisfied with security agencies for the arrangements put in place for the polls. APC claimed that several hoodlums brought into Kogi State from Osun and Oyo States few days before the elections, while the violence in Bayelsa State had been planned by the opposition. Lanre Issa-Onilu, APC National Publicity Secretary, in a statement said: “We are delighted that the forces of darkness have failed. The subterfuge deployed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to rig the election in both states, including the Kogi West senatorial rerun election was thwarted. “For this, we knew we must ensure a peaceful atmosphere for voters to freely turn out and exercise their franchise. “As expected, not being in the tradition of PDP to thrive under orderly and credible electoral process, they did their best to discredit the process. We are glad that the voting processes came to a successful end in Kogi and Bayelsa states. “The Party thanks security agencies and other officials who did their best to minimize the impact of the PDP thugs whose sole agenda was to create chaos and scare voters from coming out to vote. Of course, the PDP did not achieve their objective of winning through violence. “We note the effort by the PDP to employ their usual manipulation through ballot box snatching, massive thumb printing of ballot papers and vote buying. “We also note for instance the video now in circulation of self-help ballot paper thumb printing at the polling unit of the PDP governorshop candidate, Musa Wada and vote buying by the PDP’s Senatorial candidate, Dino Melaye. “We thank all our supporters for standing their ground to protect the ballot and ensure credibility of the electoral process. “While we wait for the collation process to complete and for the final results to be announced, we urge our members in both states to remain calm and peaceful.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.