Police in Osun State has confirmed the alleged murder of 84-year-old woman, Mrs Janet Alatede Ebo on Sunday, at Oke Aare, Iree, in Boripe Local Government Areaof the state . According to a student of a tertiary institution in the town, who lives in the same apartment with the slain octogenarian, and preferred anonymity, the old woman was hacked to death around 8pm at her residence located in Afunsho compound area of the town. According to the young chap, the old woman was seen alive in the house around 7:30pm, before he went out to recharge his phone only to come back and meet her in the pool of her blood. He observed that the octogenarian must have been stabbed severally before passing away . “The old woman lives here with us (tenants) who are students of the Osun State Polytechnic, Iree. Most of my colleagues were not around last night as I was the only one with her in the house. “At about 7:30pm, I told her I wanted to charge my phone somewhere as there was no electricity, and urged her not to close the door, promised to return shortly. On returning I saw the doors of the house locked. “I was furious because I had to go in through the back door to my own apartment which is upstairs to gain access to the building. On getting upstairs, I wondered why mama did not leave the door open as I requested, so, I got down to check Mama in her room and luckily, electricity had been restored. “On getting to Mama’s room, I discovered she had been stabbed and as a result, had given up the ghost”, he explained. Meanwhile, the Police, through its spokesperson in the state, DSP Folasade Odoro, said the matter was under investigation, as the atmosphere around the area remains tensed. Odoro disclosed that detectives were carrying out investigation to unravel those behind the killing, adding that the Commissioner of Police, Mrs. Abiodun Ige had visited the scene of the crime. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.