The Ekiti State Deputy Governor, Otunba Bisi Egbeyemi, has warned members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ado Ekiti Local Government Area against involvement in violence before, during and after the December 7 local government election. Egbeyemi advised party members to maintain decorum and ensure peace to make the election transparent, credible, free and fair. The Deputy Governor, who made the appeal on Monday while inaugurating nine committees to ensure victory for the party in Ado Ekiti Local Government, also urged members to work with unity to ensure achievement of the task. According to a statement signed by the Special Assistant (Media) to the Deputy Governor, Odunayo Ogunmola, committees inaugurated included Elder Advisory Council, Contact, Mobilisation, Finance, Security, Logistics, Media and Publicity, among others. Egbeyemi, who emerged as chairman, Elders’ Advisory Council, explained that the administration of Governor Kayode Fayemi would create a level playing ground for all parties that would participate in the council election. He said: “There should be no fight, maintain peace and give room for members of other parties to participate in the election. “The Governor has warned that there should be no fight and pandemonium during the elections.” The Deputy Governor stressed that the primary elections have come and gone noting that party members should now work for the victory of Chairmanship and councillorship candidates in the December 7 polls. Expressing satisfaction about the primary election that produced the candidates for the council election, Egbeyemi noted that administration of local government remain a veritable platform for meeting the yearnings of party members at the grassroots. The Deputy Governor admonished members to shun rumours and rebellion that can cause disunity and disaffection among members of the party. Egbeyemi called on people of voting age to troop out in large numbers on election day to cast their votes for the APC chairmanship flag bearer in Ado Ekiti, Mrs. Omotunde Fajuyi and councillorship candidates in all the 13 wards to enjoy dividends of democracy in the grassroots. The APC Chairman in Ado Ekiti Local Government, Mr. Mike Akinleye, Maintained that there is no faction in the party, described the task before party members as achievable and possible if they are united. Akinleye explained that the various Committees inaugurated would mobilize necessary machinery that would guarantee the success of the party at the election. Mrs. Fajuyi promised that development would reach all the nooks and crannies of the council area if she wins the poll urging the electorate to entrust APC with their votes to enjoy good governance in
the grassroots. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.