FFK has a political lineage which is linked to people like Bode George and Goodluck Jonathan… “Ajègbodò tó n wá eni kúnra” (The guilty one is always looking for an accomplice). As a youth from Southwest Nigeria, I grew up learning the ethics and values of the land from elders of reputable character, who have good intentions for the society. Through this, our societal values have gotten the best recommendations and our tribe is widely acknowledged, arguably, the finest. But FFK has obviously refused to accept proper “home training”. From the best pedigree, Professor Yemi Osinbajo SAN, has been well groomed and today, he is one of the finest experts known in his field, both in the classroom and the court room. Osinbajo is so grounded in his field that he is an institution all by himself, so much that groups and individuals eulogize him even before he emerged as the Vice President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. How then can you even attempt to rubbish an established personality whose recognition predates politics? Besides, he has always exhibited a distinct, flawless and unquestionable character which has stood the test of time over the years. Reading through Femi Fani Kayode’s article, one cannot but come to conclusion that not all adults are intelligent. Egbon is so inconsistent that after he feigned opposition during Jonathan’s regime, he later took a U-turn and accepted a position under the same government he once ridiculed with gaiety. Need we look further? Perhaps Egbon is very idle and expecting the Buhari govt to extend a hand to him? Perhaps in the next generation. Fani-Kayode, who was the Director of Publicity in former President Goodluck Jonathan’s presidential campaign organization during the 2015 election, not surprisingly has a N4.9billion fraud case still hanging over his head. Bros FFK, one can no longer walk both sides of the street at the same time. In case you have not noticed, the politics of principle has defeated the politics of posturing since 2015. If you have any sense of propriety, the least you can do is to retract the corrupt piece and apologize for this latest collection of bunkum. Osinbajo has said on countless occasions that there is no rift between himself and the President, but in the twisted figments of FFK’s imagination, he has concocted such blatant falsehoods because that is how he gets pecuniary benefits to stay afloat and not go bankrupt. FFK and his ilk clearly are seeking to divert the gullible from his noble and constructive causes, trying to shift focus to the barren land of pettiness, strife and fruitless controversies. Femi-Fani Kayode is simply a fascist coward; he knows he can never match the feat of this Ikenne-born Senior Advocate of Nigeria. The vice-president has the right character to maintain cordial relationships in government, unlike egbon’s known rascally attitude that is always selfishly destroying all relationships. If Fani-Kayode is right in his assertions, he should show us the evidence. But he has no cogent or coherent proof. He continues to cook up outlandish stories to get his bills paid by sections of the PDP opposition. For the umpteenth time, FFK should stop playing the pig whose favorite activity is dragging others in the mud. He would do well to hold his peace until he gets a clean bill from the EFCC, as well as a clean bill of mental health. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.