Dr. Alex Otti, the 2019 Governorship candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance(APGA) in Abia State, has decried the early politicking ahead of the 2023 presidential election of Nigeria. Otti noted that sectional politics currently being played in the country over 2023 presidential election was capable of dividing and harming Nigeria and its citizenry. DAILY POST recalls that there have been arguments back and forth over the zone that should produce the President. Notable elder statesmen, including Alhaji Balarabe Musa, Ayo Adebanjo, Edwin Clark and some others had said it should go the South-East, Governor Nasir el-Rufai and Arewa Consultative Forum have insinuated that there should not be zoning and that politics is a game of numbers. However, the APGA chieftain who made his position known in an interview with newsmen on Sunday in Aba, Abia State, opined that despite clamors for equity by various ethnic nationalities to occupy the nation’s number one seat in 2023, Nigeria citizens should support people that are ready to provide good governance to their respective doorsteps. Otti asserted, “With due respect to some of our leaders, they must realise that they are doing the country and our youths incalculable harm by dedicating precious time discussing sectional politics in a manner that is divisive and destructive, especially a few months after the general election the dust of which is yet to settle. “I have no problems with equity, but the greatest equity the average Nigerian desires is good governance. One’s ethnic background cannot instil competence and discipline in one to govern a country. If we must make a case for our ethnic groups or zones, it should be that, what is given to others in terms of good governance or allocation of resources be extended to us. If some of our leaders, especially those who have had the opportunity to lead in one way or the other loved their ethnic groups and zones the way they pretended to do, Nigeria wouldn’t be as backward and underdeveloped as it is today”. Continuing, “Take a look at the groups that have produced leaders of this country in the past. Is there any evidence that they have fared any better? I believe the elites play to ethnic and religious sentiments to feather their selfish nests. The real ethnic and religious groups that exist in Nigeria are the rich and the poor. We must face the issue of good governance, justice and fair play for all squarely to bridge the gap between the two. “Millions of Nigerians need good roads, they need water, and they need quality healthcare delivery, quality education, security, and jobs. We should stop being arrogant. We should stop playing god by boasting or pronouncing what would happen in 2023, which is still a clear four years from now. It is only God that knows who would be alive and who wouldn’t be in 2023”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.