The FCT Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Ayuba Gora, says driving with the aid of Google Map using mobile phones is a serious traffic offence. NAN reports that Mr. Gora said this at the inauguration of the 2019 Ember Months Campaign by Lugbe Unit Command of the FRSC in Abuja on Wednesday. According to him, the law forbids motorists from using mobile phones in any form while driving, as it can lead to an accident. He also informed motorists that the corps will soon begin enforcement of installation of speed limiting devices. Mr Gora advised motorists, especially commercial vehicle operators, who have yet to install the device to do so. “We will embark on massive checks of vehicles without this device soon and arrest those that disconnected the devices from their vehicles. “It is very important that all vehicles should have the device installed in their vehicles. “The required speed limit for commercial vehicles even on the highways should not exceed 90 km/hr for buses and taxis. “By doing this today, we are simply reminding motorists that they must drive with care and observe traffic rules and regulations in order to make the job very easy for all of us. “If you are arrested this period, you will not just pay fines but must be taken for emotional evaluation test in the hospital to ascertain your mental fitness before we let go,” he said. He urged the public to dial 122 or 112 in case they noticed unusual behaviour by road users and in the event of an accident. Mr Gora debunked speculations that the speed limit device damages car engine, saying it had nothing to do with the engine, but only cut fuel supply during attempted speeding. “Once the vehicle reaches a predetermined top speed, the computer steps in and restricts the flow of air and fuel to the engine and even the sparks that cause combustion. “Either way, the vehicle will be unable to exceed the top speed as determined by the car’s manufacturer. “The problem we have with the operators of these vehicles is that, when a speed limiting device has been installed, they tamper with it. In the process of tampering by disconnecting, it leads to a problem,” he added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.