The founder of the Movement for the Actualization of Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB, Ralph Uwazuruike, on Tuesday alleged that the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government was behind the plot by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, to probe the Chairman of Air Peace, Allen Onyema. Uwazuruike, who stated this while speaking with journalists insisted that the planned probe was not only a ‘witch-hunt against Onyema but persecution against the Igbo race.’ He was reacting to a statement by Buhari’s Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie, calling on the Air Peace boss to face his charges in the United States. Insisting that Onochie spoke the mind of the presidency, Uwazurike warned that Igbos will rise against any plan to humiliate Onyema. Uwazuruike, who is also the leader of the Biafran Independent Movement (BIM), said: “There are lots of prominent people in this country whom the civil society organisations have even petitioned the EFCC against over alleged money laundering and the commission has not probed them. He said “I am an Igbo and it is my responsibility to defend Igbos which Onyema is one of them and I tell you that I have all is takes to resist FG from persecuting my people. “We have been pushed to the wall by the federal government and Onyema’s case will prove a point, so he should not be intimidated and must remain firm.” DAILY POST had reported that the US State Department of Justice (DoJ), in a statement posted on its website on Friday, said Air Peace Chief of Administration and Finance, Ejiroghene Eghagha, has also been charged with bank fraud and committing aggravated identity theft in connection with the scheme. But, reacting, Onyeama said all money transferred to the US went through the CBN, adding that the allegations were false and were in no way in line with his character as a person and as a businessman. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.