At least two persons are reportedly dead, while 19 others sustained varying degrees of injuries in two separate road accidents around Anambra state at the weekend. While the first happened along Awka-Onitsha expressway by Enugwu Agidi junction, involving a Hiace commercial bus with Reg.No:463 XB and Mitsubishi L 300 bus with Reg.No:XC 418 JJT, another happened along Ezinifite/Uga road in Aguata Local Government Area of the state. It involved a Honda Pilot Jeep with Registration number ABJ-618-AY which was driven by a priest, Rev Emmanuel Akachukwu who reportedly collided with a Mitsubishi Delica Bus with Reg number XG-179-AWK conveying 14 passengers driven by another priest, Pastor Isaac Ugeri. Anambra State Police Command’s spokesman, SP Haruna Mohammed who confirmed the accidents said that one person died from each of the accidents. He said, “On the 23/11/2019 at about 12:30 pm, there was a fatal motor accident along Awka-Onitsha expressway by Enugwu Agidi junction, involving a Hiace commercial bus with Reg.No:463 XB and Mitsubishi L 300 bus with Reg.No:XC 418 JJT respectively. “Identities of both drivers not yet known and many passengers numbering about twelve sustained varying degrees of injuries. One casualty believed to be the driver of the L 300 bus was confirmed dead by the medical Doctor.” Meanwhile, in the second incident, Haruna said, “On the 22/11/2019 at about 7:pm, there was a fatal motor accident along Ezinifite/Uga road Aguata involving a Honda Pilot Jeep and a Hiace bus. “The Honda Pilot with Registration number ABJ-618-AY driven by one Rev Emmanuel Akachukwu ‘m’ of NO 12B Adebuonia Street, Onitsha and the Mitsubishi Delica Bus with Reg number XG-179-AWK conveying 14 passengers, driven by one Pastor Isaac Ugeri ‘m’ of NO.19 Nwaziki Street Obosi in Idemili North LGA of Anambra State. “The two vehicles were coming from the opposite direction when they had a head-on collision. As a result, Seven persons including the two drivers sustained injuries. One Hillary Onu ‘m’ aged 40 years of Enugu Ezike in Enugu State was certified dead.” He added that both corpses have been deposited in separate mortuaries. He implored all road users in the State to refrain from reckless driving in order to avert accidents which could lead to loss of innocent lives. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.