The Zamfara House of Assembly is set to promulgate a law criminalising banditry in the state, while the offence will now be punishable by death. Speaker, Zamfara State House of Assembly Rt Hon. Nasiru Mu’azu Magarya, says the move is part of efforts to stem the tide of banditry in the state. He expressed dismay over the recent reprisal attacks in Karaye village of Gummi Local Government Area of the state where many lives were lost and properties worth millions of naira were destroyed. Speaker Magarya also berated security agencies in the state for not being proactive and live to their duties and for allowing innocent lives perish without making any arrest throughout the period bandits unleashed mayhem and terror in the village. Condemning the recent attacks in the state, speaker Magarya noted that the attacks will not in any way deter the Bello Mohammed Matawallen led administration in the state from consolidating the peace and reconciliation efforts it started in the state a couple of months back The speaker explained that there have been unseen hands trying to sabotage the peace accord and reconciliation initiatives by the present administration. While sympathizing with the government and people of Karaye community in Gummi local government area, he also condoled with the families of those that lost their lives and properties over the inferno. In a statement issued to newsmen in Gusau by the spokesperson of the speaker, Mustapha Jafaru Kaura said a high powered delegation from the House under the leadership of Deputy Chief Whip, Hon Ibrahim Muhammad Tela Bukkuyum have gone to the community in Gummi to condole with the people of the area. Magarya also advocated for an emergency security meeting with the state government, all relevant stakeholders in the state to get to the remote course of the terror attacks and to avert spillover effects in any part of the state. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.