A 19- year old female student of the Federal Polytechnic, Damaturu, Yobe State, Hussaina Baffa Bello met her untimely death on Saturday as Mine-Resistance-Vehicle belonging to the Nigerian Army crushed her while in a tricycle. The incident according eyewitnesses’ occurred at Gwange Junction area of Damaturu metropolis with other passengers including the tricycle operator on board sustained serious injured. The eyewitnesses claimed that, the crushed tricycle was on green traffic light, while the military vehicle was on red light but the driver decided to violate the traffic light. The sad development has since set social media platforms ablaze with residents of the metropolis describing the incident as unfortunate and called for proper investigation to avert future occurrence. DAILY POST captured some of the reactions and comments made by some of the residents as follows: In a facebook post, Memba Abdullahi posted, “These heavy and archaic military vehicles with outdated break systems should ordinarily not be allowed to drive through the city centre. “They should drive in the outskirts or the bye-passes if they must be in use in this age and time. And to make matters worse, they drive them recklessly, or supposedly as a show of force. But for any observation it has always been a disaster waiting to happen. I hope the needful is done, otherwise a repeat occur. May God grant the family of the deceased the strength to bear the lose and forgive the soul of the deceased”. While Mustapha Musa posted as saying, “Not more than two month now, a military Hilux hit a man riding a bicycle at Gwange Junction in Damaturu; a man with a wife and kids. They are use to this act even on traffic”. “The most disturbing part of the story was that, the military vehicle was stopped by the traffic light, but ignored it.”, Mohammed Alkali posted via his Facebook. “This should not be swept under the carpet. Had it been it was the South West, because of their open protests, FG would have quickly sent a delegation. Justice must be served for this”, Hassan Bulama reacted via his Facebook page. Lima Goje also reacted, saying, “so sad. Government should immediately investigate the matter. Similarly, Mohammed Ibn Abdullahi via his Facebook account, posted “I feel so shocked to receive the news of an accident that occurred between Nigerian Army vehicle & a tricycle loaded with passengers in Damaturu, the Yobe State capital, which lead to the dead of a young lady & left the other passengers seriously injured. Such type of incidence is not happening for the first time & is attributed to reckless driving and violation of traffic rules by the soldiers. I, therefore, call on the security agencies to stop the soldiers from such type of driving in the town, investigate the incident & compensate the victims accordingly”. Meanwhile, Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni has reacted to the dead of Miss Hussaina in a condolence message released on Sunday by his Director-General for Press Affair, Abdullahi Bego. In the condolence message, Bego said, Governor Buni has been briefed about an incident in Damaturu yesterday in which a KEKE NAPEP rider with passengers was crushed by a military vehicle in an accident which claimed the lives of two persons. “Already, the Brigade Commander 27 Task Force Brigade, the Commanding Officer 233 Tank Battalion and officials of the State Government have visited and commiserated with the families of the victims. ” “His Excellency has learnt that one of the victims, Hussaina Baffa Bello was a pre-ND student of the Federal polytechnic Damaturu while the other fatality was a toddler. “Governor Buni’s thoughts, sympathies and prayers are with the families of those who lost their lives and with the victims who sustained injuries. “The governor prays Almighty Allah (SWT) to grant repose to the souls of those who died, fast recovery to those who sustained injuries and fortitude to bear the loss for families of the victims”, he said. According to the DG for Press Affairs, Governor Buni has directed the office of the Acting Secretary to the State Government to liaise with the military in order to have a full investigation and ascertain how the accident happened and how such could be avoided in the future. He added that, the governor has also directed the State Ministry of Health and the Hospitals Management Board to ensure that those who sustained injuries are given access to free medical care. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.