The People’s Democratic Party in Kogi State has raised the alarm over alleged plan by the All Progressives Progess, APC, to arrest, detain and eliminate Its members and supporters in the State. The party’s Deputy Director of Public Communications, Austin Okai, who made this known in a statement on Monday said the plan was to pave way for mass rigging in the forthcoming governorship election. Okai, while alerting the security agencies in the state, urged those deployed for special operation to be alive to their responsibility of protecting lives and property, against the ‘desperate display by the ruling APC officials in the state.’ He accused the Bello Government of deploying special uniformed men with both local and imported weapons from other states to arrest, abduct, detain and eliminate prominent party members across the State. The Party said, ‘this is against the backdrop of the governor’s complain that most of his political appointees were not known in their various localities, and the marching other to deliver their various constituencies to the party at all costs, And also Governor Bello’s statement that he cannot afford to loose the election.” PDP, therefore, appealed to the security agencies to ‘beam their searchlight in Kogi east were the new Deputy Governor,Edward Onoja was installed to guarantee political immunity on him to unleash violence through his personal guards and imported thugs from Benue and other parts of the country.” The Party also alerted that the denial and threat of violence and death that led to the cancellation of the campaign tour in Kogi central where the governor hail from, will be prosecuted on the hapless supporters of PDP through mass arrests. PDP, while calling on its supporters to be vigilante and report suspicious and bandwagon movement, urged securtiy agenices to give special protection to the people from Okene, Adavi and Okehi. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.