Hundreds of indigenes of Ebem in Ohafia local government area of Abia state have protested over the devastating effect of erosion in the area, calling on the federal government and their representatives in the National Assembly to come to their rescue. The indigenes who took to the streets to drive home their request lamented that government seems to have neglected the Ebem community in the area of infrastructure. Speaking on behalf of Ebem Ohafia indigenes on Monday, the traditional ruler of the community, Eze Ukoha Kalu Ukoha, said it is the people expect their lawmaker to acquaint himself with their challenges. The community particularly appealed to the Senator, representing Abia North district, Chief Orji Uzor Kalu to call the attention of the federal government to their plight, saying they live in serious threats of erosion. DAILY POST learnt that Ebem Ohafia is under the Senatorial zone of Abia North, currently represented by the ex-governor, Dr. Orji Kalu. The traditional ruler said, “The way the erosion is gradually worsening is a big threat to the lives of indigenes and residents of the community. We appeal to our lawmakers in the National Assembly to compel the federal government to see what should be done about this erosion. “The lives of our people are in serious danger. It may lead to many losing their houses and farmlands. The government should come to our rescue, because, this community had remained supportive to every successive government in Abia state’’. Meanwhile, the Abia state Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi Kalu, had said in a recent news interview with journalists, that the present administration was concerned about the devastating erosions ravaging some local communities in the state. Kalu said that the government was making successful efforts to carry out work at the erosion sites in Abia, stressing that the state government intends to invest the ecological fund into checking the menace as soon as the federal government gives the state its own share to tackle the menace headlong. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.