Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, on Monday advised his major challenger in the 2019 gubernatorial election, Mr. Adebayo Adelabu, the candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to wait till 2023 and face him at the polls.
Makinde made this declaration while flagging off the reconstruction of the 65-kilometre Moniya-Ijaye-Iseyin Road.
Makinde insisted that the people of the State rejected the main opposition party in the state because they did nothing to develop the state.
He said that even though the previous administration awarded the contract for the rehabilitation of the road, the job was not done, while the money released was shared for the purpose of elections. “We have told them to meet us in 2023. Though they got money, they did nothing. They spent the money on elections but did you vote for them? If they come to ask for your votes, will you vote for them?
“I appreciate you for giving us the opportunity to serve you. During our campaign from here [Moniya] to Oke-Ogun, I promised that I will reconstruct the road if I become the Governor and, today, I am happy that it is the same project we are flagging off.
“You can recall that I also promised that the money we will spend on infrastructure will be targeted on expanding our economy and this road is a major road that can boost the economy of Oyo State. “When we got into office, we discovered that the money that was awarded to carry out the road project was shared among those who held offices in the past administration. They spent the money on campaign and the last election and, upon that, you did not vote for them.
“This road was abandoned for eight years. Countless number of people have died on the road. Time has been wasted. “In 2015, during the electioneering campaign, we had accident on this same road too but we thank God that no life was lost. It was because of that incidence that made me promise that if I eventually get the people’s mandate to serve the state, we won’t spend beyond 45 minutes to reach Iseyin from Moniya in the morning, afternoon and night. We will also mobilise security operatives to be patrolling the road.
“I want to assure you my people in Akinyele and Oke-Ogun, jobs are coming. Be united and be ready to work because being able to work is the antidote to poverty. I want to implore the contractor, KOPEK, to employ our youths. We want Oyo State’s money to remain in the State. I also want to tell the youths too to cooperate with the contractor. “Try and be organised so that you can be given jobs that can give you earnings within the next one year.
“We don’t want this project to be abandoned again and that was why we had to make upfront payment of 60 per cent to the contractor. We want Messrs KOPEK Construction Company to complete this project within a year. By this time next year, I am coming to commission the road.
“I implore you all from Moniya to Iseyin to take care of the road. The standard of the road we want the contractor to do is the one we will adopt throughout the whole of Oyo State. For those who are familiar with Engineering work, 40mm is the thickness of the asphalt they did before but we have instructed the new contractor to make it 50mm because we expect that trailers will begin to ply through the road after completion.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.