President Mohammadu Buhari has charged the Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, to beam its searchlight on issues of plagiarism and sexual harassment being witnessed in higher institutions. Buhari also urged ASUU to look at the area of corporate governance of various universities rather than dissipate its energy on perceived inadequacies of government alone. The President, who was represented by the Executive Secretary National Universities Commission (NUC) Prof. Abubakar Rasheed gave the charge at the 25th convocation ceremony of the University of Uyo, Akwa Ibom State. He stated that ASUU would gain more credence and credibility if it addresses internal university management inadequacies with equal zeal and commitment. He said: “Permit me to share my thought with the Academic Staff Union of Universities. I commend them for being a loud voice for the revitalization of university education in Nigeria over the years. “However, I want to challenge them to throw their searchlight on the issues of corporate governance of their various institutions. “It would amount to unwholesome critical posturing if their criticism is directed at the perceived failure of government alone while they look away at obvious governance inadequacies of their own institution, right under their nose. “It would give credence and credibility to their fearless critical stance with regard to government if they address internal university management flaws with equal and unsparing forthrightness. “It is very disheartening to hear about the increase in incidents of plagiarism, sorting and sexual harassment in many universities in the country. “These aspects of academic corruption should also be of concern to ASUU and indeed the academia as a whole. “We should be able to look up to the university as a citadel of probity, accountability, transparency, critical inquiry and freedom.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.