The National Coordinator of the Cash Transfer Program of National Social Investment Program, Dr. (Mrs) Temitope Sinkaiye has called for a concerted effort in addressing gaps militating against the smooth implementation of the Cash Transfer Program in Bauchi State. Dr. Sinkaiye stated this at the Command Guest Inn in Bauchi , while presenting a report on the findings of the Supply Side Assessment of education facilities conducted by her office in the 18 LGAs that are beneficiaries of the cash transfer program in the State. The national coordinator explained that the stakeholders’ meeting was organized to discuss the way forward on the findings of the report. She said the meeting will also discuss the gaps identified during the assessment and get the state government, relevant MDA’s as well as development partners’ commitment towards addressing the gaps in addition to discussing the roles and responsibility of the state regarding the implementation of the co-responsibility component of the program. In his address while declaring the meeting open, Secretary to the Bauchi State Government, Alhaji Muhammad Sabiu Baba said the state government will address the challenges affecting the smooth implementation of the cash transfer component of the Social Investment Programmes in the state. The SSG also appealed to the stakeholders to come up with robust recommendations that will assist the state government to increase the number of those benefiting from the programme. He said in order to ensure effective service delivery in the basic education sector, the state government has selected the enhancement of enrollment of pupils, especially girl child in schools, as part of its co-responsibility of the cash transfer program. According to him, the administration of Governor Bala Mohammed is committed to the realization of the selected co-responsibility. To this end, he said, “the state government has embarked on massive constructions and renovation of Primary Schools as well as provision of furniture across the state to increase access to basic education services for improved teaching and learning”. Alhaji Baba, therefore, reaffirmed the readiness of the present administration towards working with relevant stakeholders in order to achieve the desired objectives. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.