The All Progressives Congress (APC), in Ogun State, on Monday, said the victory of Governor Dapo Abiodun at the Appeal Court sitting in Ibadan, over his main challenger during the March 9, gubernatorial election in the state was a reflection of popular mandate. It said the dismissal of appeal filed by the candidate of Allied Peoples Movement(APM), Mr Adekunle Akinlade by the appellate court signified and reaffirmed divine endorsement of APC during the polls. This was contained in a statement signed by Mr Tunde Oladunjoye, the Publicity Secretary of APC Caretaker Committee in the state, a copy which was sent to DAILY POST. The statement further emphasised the resolve of the ruling APC to reciprocate the gesture of the electorate in the state by running an all-inclusive government. The statement said : “We give glory to Almighty God for the reaffirmation of the divine mandate given to our party and governor Dapo Abiodun, with the dismissal of the appeal filed by the Allied Peoples Movement (APM). “We see the judgement of the Appeal Court as a true reflection of the overwhelming wishes of Ogun People, freely expressed in the March 9, 2019 governorship election. The party believes that the latest judgement from the Appeal Court will put an end, the side distractions of this budding political association touting unmerited mandate. “We wish to express our profound appreciation to the people of Ogun State, not only for the given mandate, but also for the support they have continue to give to the Dapo Abiodun-led administration. Same goes for the mass media. This unconditional support, we assure, will not be taken for granted. “In line with the campaign promise of His Excellency the Governor, the Administration has been running and will continue to run an inclusive government. It therefore behoves politicians and non-politicians who genuinely desire the peace and progress of our dear state to join hands with our governor, who believes in politics without bitterness.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.