Zamfara state chapter of the All Progressive Congress (APC) has lamented today, Saturday that the government led by Hon. Bello Mohammed Matawalle has borrowed over N70 billion from various commercial banks without any concrete proof on ground to justify such a huge amount. Addressing newsmen in Gusau, the state capital, the publicity secretary of APC in the state, Hon Ibrahim Damaliki Gidangoga explained that he has proof of all the money that was borrowed since he became the state governor on May 29th 2019. Didangoga challenged the PDP government in the state to show what it has done with such whooping sum of money collected in the name of the state for developmental purposes, saying that at end of Matawalle’s tenure, the government would be the most corrupt government in the world. ” I am telling you with all sincerity that Matawalle knows right inside his mind that what is going on in Zamfara state is not democracy but demonstration of craziness” he said. According to the former commissioner of information, Matawalle has shifted his faults on Senator Abdulaziz Yari to cover his weaknesses because he knew that he has failed already. He said it was not the first time that the governor was accusing the former governor wrongly without any evidence to back his claims, stressing that this time, he said the ex-governor should not venture to enter the state otherwise he would arrest and prosecute him. ” Recently, the governor accused the former governor of negotiating with Boko Haram insurgents to invade the state. He should know that Yari has governed the state constitutional eight years before Matawalle. ”Governor Bello Matawalle should know that he never won the election in Zamfara state but was enthroned by the supreme court, pointing out that, that was why he came unprepared and has been accusing Yari to attract public sympathy. “How can Matawalle boast that he has ended terror attacks in the state within 100 days if the PDP members are not the sponsors of the banditry in the state? A sensible person should ask why banditry ended suddenly with the coming of PDP in the state,” he pointed out. Gidangoga said that the country and the entire world were waiting to see how the governor would arrest the former governor, stressing that they would know if Matawalle has prison yard in the Government House or whether he is in custody of the law of the land. He said Matawalle should be prepared because Abdulaziz Yari would be in the state in the next few days, saying if he could not arrest the former governor, then he would be described as a toothless bulldog that can bark but can not bite. The APC spokesman said that Matawalle should focus on his administration rather than making empty propaganda that can be thrown into another waste paper basket. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.