Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Sponsor of ‘Hate Speech Bill and Deputy Chief Whip of the Senate, Senator Aliyu Sabi Abdullahi, has said the Senate may amend the proposed death penalty clause in the bill. The lawmaker assured that the death penalty proposed in the bill would be amended by the Senate “when it is subjected to legislative input at the National Assembly.” 2. Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has alleged that the late Sardauna of Sokoto, Sir Ahmadu Bello was the progenitor of hate speech in Nigeria. Kanu claimed that Bello and the people of the Fulani extraction were the first to experiment hate speech against non-Muslims to advance their political domination in Nigeria. 3. The Lagos State Government has clamped down on more than 20 facilities over various environmental related issues. The General-Manager of the Lagos State Environmental Protection Agency (LASEPA), Dr Adedolapo Fasawe, on Sunday, said that unidentified hoodlums hired by facility owners to prevent lawful application of the law had been obstructing the agency’s officials from carrying out their official duties. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari said he expects scrupulous investigation into the heinous murder of Madam Achejuh Abuh, Woman Leader of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Wada/Aro campaign council, in the just concluded gubernatorial election in Kogi State. Buhari charged all security agencies involved in the investigation to do a thorough and expeditious job on the matter, so that justice could be served without fear or favor. 5. The acting Chairman of Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), Alhaji Musa Liman Kwande, has said northerners will vote for only a presidential candidate of northern origin in 2023 irrespective of their political party. According to him, all Northern Nigerians who are tested and trusted should contest for any political office with anybody from any part of Nigeria and the people should exercise their democratic franchise to vote for their candidate of choice. 6. Abductors of a nursing mother, including five other people in Matar Ghali, Kaduna, have reduced their ransom demand to five million naira as against the initially requested 20 million naira per individual kidnapped. The kidnappers say the reduction is in sympathy for an innocent infant and his mother still in their custody in the forest. 7. At least, two persons are reportedly dead, while 19 others sustained varying degrees of injuries in two separate road accidents around Anambra state at the weekend. While the first happened along Awka-Onitsha expressway by Enugwu Agidi junction, involving a Hiace commercial bus with Reg.No:463 XB and Mitsubishi L 300 bus with Reg.No:XC 418 JJT, another happened along Ezinifite/Uga road in Aguata Local Government Area of the state. 8. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has described the Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu as the “worst electoral umpire” in the political history of Nigeria. PDP made the claim while lamenting over the conduct of the just concluded elections in Bayelsa and Kogi States, stressing that Nigerians across board has completely lost faith in the nation’s electoral process under the current regime. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari’s Personal Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie, has pointed out reasons the Chairman of Air Peace, Allen Onyema evacuated Nigerians who were stranded in South Africa during the xenophobic attack. Onochie claimed that Onyema had an ulterior motive when he evacuated stranded Nigerians in South Africa free of charge. 10. A 42-year-old-woman, Temitope Akinola, has allegedly poisoned her granddaughter with an insecticide, Sniper, to stop her daughter’s marriage to her lover. The suspect, who is a resident of Isote area of Sagamu, allegedly committed the offence last week Thursday and was arrested on the same day by men of Ogun State Police Command. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.