Someone tells us something is not possible and then we start telling ourselves it’s not possible.
We let the commotion in their minds become the emotion in ours.
We let their opinion become a fact because we keep repeating it.
Break the cycle today. Take that first step now. By the time someone ask for your registered company urgently and you could not present one, you will know how painful it is to have lost this golden opportunity. Never depend on just one source of income. There is absolutely nothing stopping you from having multiple streams of income whether you belong to the working class or you are self-employed/unemployed as the case may be. it is called minding your business or side hustle. Do you even realize that just one bad government policy can ruin your business or render you jobless? what will you fall back on if you only have only one source of income? In the light of this, i just want to encourage some of us that are still depending on only one source of income to start minding their business. There are loads of business ideas to adopt, all you need do is to improve on the existing ones and you can also come up with your business ideas if you are very creative. Fast Action Takers are always Winners. The Slow ones lose by sitting by, worrying, wondering and letting GREAT opportunities pass them by. The Question is: Are you going to let this CRAZY opportunity slip you by and let your competition steal your clients, customers and even crush you? Or are you going to take action fast? This is to inform the general public that we are reviewing our registration fees upward. Limited liability company with 1 Million share capital is now: N46,700 NGO Registration is now: N96,700 Business name registration is now: N23,700 thank you all for having confidence in our services YOU CAN PAY IN 2 INSTALLMENT All for limited time & on first come first serve basis. Contact us now : Email = cacmatters2018@gmail.com Whatsapp = 08155553952 Calls = 08155553952 www.cacmatters.com.ng Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.