The suspension of the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole has stirred reactions from Nigerians. DAILY POST reports that the APC in Edo State suspended Oshiomhole on Tuesday The State chairman, Anselm Ojezua, who made this known in a statement on Tuesday night said Oshiomhole‘s suspension followed the vote of no confidence passed on him by the chairmen of the APC in the 18 local government areas (LGAs) of the state. Recall that the Deputy State Chairman of the APC in Edo State, Kenneth Asekomhe was earlier on Tuesday quoted as saying, “After the meeting of the State Executive Committee, in pursuant of Article 17, Section 5 of APC constitution of 2014, as amended, we the undersigned members passed a vote of no confidence on the State Secretary of the party, Mr Lawrence Okah. He is hereby removed from office. His suspension has since stirred reactions from Nigerians on social media. Here are some reactions gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Heisadebayo “APC suspended Oshiomhole on one of the grounds that they don’t want what happened in Zamfara State or other parts of the country to happen in Edo State.” @Mizterlachi “APC suspended Oshiomhole because he always wanted to impose himself, acting like a Godfather.“ @arc_tobi “This is a case of the class captain expelling the headboy or his class.” @Otunba_suave “Edo APC suspends Oshiomole. E be like make tenant evict landlord.“ @Iamjayofficial “Edo state isn’t Lagos, you can’t pocket Edo state whether APC or PDP. Edo people are too stubborn for one man to be a Lord over them it can not happen.” @Son_of_Gavriel “APC National Chairman Oshiomole got suspended by APC. I can assure you before the next 2023 election Tinubu will definitely get his red card suspension. ” @Comrade “Now that APC has suspended Adams Oshiomole at the State level does that affect his current position as the National Chairman? @_Samuelopara “All Politics is local. APC National Chairman has obviously lost the influence and relevance at home.This is what Lagos people can’t do.” @Jslide_123 “You can’t claim to have fought against Godfatherism and impose yourself as one. Edo people are not stupid. ” @Ikosamede “Right from day one Comrade Adams Oshiomhole has failed to live up to the name ‘comrade’. He once fought against godfatherism in the state but right now he so DESPERATELY wants to be one. It’s a good thing for our democracy as APC suspended Oshiomhole.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.