Following the recent closure of Buni-Yadi market by military as a result of security concerns, Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni has called for the reopening of the market for commercial activities to thrive in the area. The governor made the call on Sunday when he visited the town to inspect some development projects. He said re-opening the market would help to reinforce the sense of confidence and trust that the government has been trying to build among the people as they return to and resume life back in their communities. Buni paid tribute to the people for their resilience and prayers and the security agencies for their efforts in restoring peace and security. “Five years ago, we could not stand here. In fact, this local government was taken over by the insurgents before it was liberated by the security forces. We are grateful to Almighty Allah and thank our security forces for the peace that we now enjoy. “This is why it is important that the government provides these infrastructural facilities to help people resume their normal life”, the governor said. Governor Mai Mala Buni has inspected ongoing township road and drainage construction project in Buni-Yadi, the headquarters of Gujba Local Government Council. The governor has also inspected ongoing renovation and rehabilitation of the Buni-Yadi General Hospital, where the state government is committing N234 million. He expressed appreciation with the progress of work on the two projects but urged the contractors to speed up, deliver on time and according to specifications and contractual agreements. Buni-Yadi, the headquarters of Gujba local government area; a stone throw from the governor Buni’s ancestral home used to be a springboard for Boko Haram insurgents to launch deadly attacks to various parts of the state, particularly Damaturu the Yobe state capital. The Buni administration is currently undertaking new township road projects in three other towns across the state, namely Damagum, Babangida and Jajimaji in Fune, Tarmuwa and Karasuwa local government areas respectively. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.