The People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Kogi State chapter has alleged a plot by the rival All Progressives Congress (APC) to set some INEC offices in the state ablaze. In a statement sent to DAILY POST, the Director of Public Communications of the Campaign Council, Austin Okai Usman said, security agents should be proactive in safeguarding INEC offices across the state, stressing that the Council has intelligence reports of APC’s plans. The statement said some thugs have been detailed to blow off INEC offices and disguise as agents of PDP, adding that the ruling APC was already suspicious of the intimidating crowd at campaign rallies in the state. Okai identified flashpoints to be attacked as: “Ankpa, Idah, Dekina, Omala and Ibaji in the Eastern flank, Kabba, Koto, Lokoja, Yagba West and East in the West, as well as Ajaokuta and Ogori in the Central “. He said the APC planned the attack in order to create room for staggered election in those areas. “Accordingly, this is going to be the script of some persons in the state designed to play across the local government areas of the state, if the security officials refused to be alive to their responsibilities “We hereby call on the Inspector General of Police, CG, Civil Defence, Chief of Army Staff and Commandant, Army records, Major General Adewale Ogunkale to channel their positive operation of the military towards securing public utilities, lives and properties The PDP says the plot comes on the heels of the massive support and solidarity enjoyed by its candidate, Engineer Musa Wada, in the just-concluded tour of Kogi East and an attempt to complement the on-going arrest, kidnap, and frame up being carried out in the state by some agents of APC. The PDP further tasked the Nigeria police and other security agencies to take the security intelligence seriously, to forestall anarchy in the state. The party has also ridiculed the All Progressives Congress claiming that the party would not score up to 30% votes on November 16 elections. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.