The Federal Road Safety Corps, Zamfara state command says maximum collaboration with stakeholders is the only means of reducing the alarming rate of death caused by road accidents in the state. The Zonal commandant of the corps, ACM Kayode Alagungu disclosed this during a stakeholders forum meeting on ember months awareness campaign tagged “Road Traffic Crashes: Way Forward” held at UBE Training Center, Bypass Gusau. The Zonal commandant who was represented by the sector commandant RS10.2 Kebbi Corps commander, Ebenezer Asaniya, explained the need for partnership among stakeholders such as Union leaders, traditional rulers, religious leader security agencies, as well as government at all levels, became very imperative considering the appalling and startling rate of accidents in the state and country in general. According to him, “As a tradition we hold stakeholders meeting every November of the year in order to flag off awareness campaign and prepare for ember months” he stated. ‘‘To find the root course of road accidents in the state and device means of reducing it, every hand must be deck to’’. The commandant noted that Zamfara state is a commercial hub and therefore has heavy moments of traffic, especially during the ember months. ACM Kayode also appreciated the efforts of the Federal Road Safety Corps, Zamfara state for its level of synergy with other sister security agencies in reducing the challenge of road accidents in the state. Earlier in his welcome address, the Zamfara state sector commandant, Mr, Uchechukwu Peter, disclosed the commands resolve to create ways of curtailing fatal road accidents which often resulted in the loss of lives and property. “Road safety is everybody’s business, which was why we called this interactive meeting so as to discuss ways to map out strategies that will help in tackling the appalling rate of road accidents in the state’’. Uchechukwu explained that the majority of road accidents in the state were caused by the human factor, as many road users do not want to adhere to simple rules and regulations of road traffic, which is why sensitization and awareness campaigns have become necessary. ‘‘Understanding the genesis and causes of road traffic crashes will help motorists in so many ways and in essence reduce the loss of lives in the society’’. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.