Despite calls for the withdrawal of his petitions by the Olu Ilaro and Paramount Ruler of Yewa land, Oba Kehinde Olugbenle, the Allied Peoples Movement (APM) governorship candidate in Ogun State, Hon. Adekunle Abdulkabir Akinlade has filed his Notice of Appeal at the Supreme court Saturday. The petition, it was learnt, was to challenge the Ibadan Court of Appeal judgement of November 11. According to a statement by his Media Aide, Azeez Adelani, Hon. Akinlade said; “my resolve to see this struggle to a logical conclusion hinged on the constitutionality of our actions and the need to truly represent the people who came out in their thousands on the 9th of March, 2019 to vote for me”. Adelani said, “To Akinlade, this is not about his personal ambition, but a call to duty and honour. “It may help to note that each stage of this struggle from the tribunal, Court of Appeal and the Supreme Court, comes at a very high cost in terms of legal fees, but no amount is too much to pay for justice.” Adelani added, “Akinlade thanks everyone who has contributed one way or the other to this struggle. No matter how this ends, we must remain resolute and determined because it is not the end for us but the beginning of greater heights. He charged them to remain hopeful and prayerful, saying “for only God can decide our fate. Victory is sure by His grace. DAILY POST reported yesterday that The Olu of Ilaro, Oba, Kehinde Olugbenle, during the annual Oronna festival, told Akinlade, to withdraw his petition against Gov Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State at the Supreme court. Akinlade, from Ipokia Local Government, contested head to head with Abiodun, with less than 20,000 votes margin. Unsatisfied with the outcome of the election, the former lawmaker approached the election petition tribunal and the Appeal Court, to seek justice. But his petitions were dismissed, allegedly for lack of merit. However, Akinlade said that he would approach the Supreme Court to test the strength of his case, expressing optimism that he would be favoured at the apex court; a development the monarch is not pleased with as he said: “To my brother, Hon. Akinlade who contested in the last election with the Excellency, Prince Dapo Abiodun. I want to say it with all sense of responsibility that you are the pride of this land and I want to beg and implore you on behalf of the good people of Yewa land, whom you represent, that we don’t need any appeal at the Supreme Court. Go and withdraw your case at the Supreme Court.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.