Determined to bring the security challenges in Kaduna State under control, Governor Nasir El-Rufai, on Wednesday, met with Federal House of Representatives members, State Assembly members, security chiefs, traditional and religious leaders. Samuel Aruwan, Commissioner, Internal Security and Home Affairs, in a statement, said Governor El-Rufai met behind close doors with House of Representatives members from the state, Kaduna State Assembly members, traditional and religious leaders from Birnin Gwari, Chikun and Igabi Local Government Areas alongside heads of security agencies in the state. According to the statement, at the meeting, Governor El-Rufai explained in details, security measures taken by the state government in the three local government areas and the state at large. The statement explained that the heads of security agencies also took turns to reel out their operations and current state of security in the three local government areas. He added that the traditional and religious leaders and other stakeholders in the meeting made their submissions while heads of the security agencies responded with planned operational strategies l, which were unanimously adopted. The commissoner said the House of Representatives and State Assembly members and other stakeholders also made comments at the meeting. The statement explained that those in attendance at the meeting from the House of federal and state legislators were Yakubu Umar Barde-Chikun/Kajuru Federal Constituency, Shehu Balarabe- Birnin Gwari/Giwa Federal Constituency and Zayyad Ibrahim-Igabi Federal Constituency. Others according to the statement included Yusuf Ibrahim Zailani-Igabi West State Constituency, Haruna Inuwa-Doka/Gabasawa State Constituency, Abdulwahab Kurminkogi-Ikara State Constituency and Ayuba Chawaza-Chikun State Constituency. The rest were Salisu Isah-Magajin Gari State Constituency, Bala Umar-Kakangi State Constituency,
Shehu Yunusa-Kubau State Constituency, Suleiman Ibrahim Dabo-Zaria City State Constituency and Barr. Aisha Dikko-Commissioner of Justice and Attorney General. Others in attendance included Muhammad Sani Abdullahi-Chief of Staff, Emir of Birnin Gwari, Alhaji Jibril Zubairu II,
Etsu Chikun, Dr Danjuma Barde, Hassan Adamu Shekarau and Jafaru Ibrahim Sani-Commissioner Local Government. The statement said Hassan Usman-Commissioner Riot Damages, Rehabilitation and Resettlement and Samuel Aruwan-Commissioner, Internal Security and Home Affairs were also in attendance. The statement explained that the security agencies were represented by the Garrison Commander, One Division Brig-Gen OJ Akpor, Commodore Yakubu Pani, Commandant Nigerian Navy School of Armament Technology, Air Commodore Ibrahim Sani, Base Commander Nigerian Air Force, DC Abdullahi Ibrahim, Idris Koya, State Director of DSS, BA Dutsinma State Commander NSCDC, and Col. Francis Omata representing Operation Safe Haven. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.