A three-time governorship candidate in Ogun State, Gboyega Nasir Isiaka, appears to have buried his ambition to be governor of the Gateway State. DAILY POSTgathered that Isiaka, on Monday evening, led leaders and members of his party, the African Democratic Congress (ADC) to meet with Governor of Ogun State, Prince Dapo Abiodun, allegedly for talks on how to perfect their defection to the All Progressives Congress (APC). The former aspirant who has contested the governorship position under the African Democratic Congress for three consecutive unsuccessful attempts said he had confidence that the present administration will take Ogun State to a higher pedestal. While explaining the reason behind his support visit to the governor, Isiaka also known as GNI in the political circles expressed optimism that something positive would happen between his group and the APC very soon. “We came to see our Governor as a way of moving our relationship forward. We had interactions with our people all over the State and they mandated us to come and talk with our Governor. All the areas that needed clarification, we have gotten them. So we need to go back to them and within the next couple of days, the full outcome of this meeting will be made known to the public. “We are very confident because the morning shows the night from what we have seen in five months. If we had not seen positive signs, we probably would not have graduated our relationship. I have come with the leadership of my political structure all across the State. This is to signify the fact that we are very confident and happy with the way government is going about putting the state on a greater scale,” he said. The Imeko-born politician explained that there were positive developments between his group and the State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), adding that it was not for him to disclose because his team would be reporting back to their superiors. “I am not here on behalf of the ADC, but I have come as a leader that led a political movement into the ADC a few months ago and so I have come here on the platform of that political movement. Majority of us are members of ADC, but I am not here to talk of ADC because the party has its procedures.” Meanwhile, Gov Dapo Abiodun who confirmed receipt of Chief Gboyega Nasir Isiaka and team in his Oke-Mosan Office explained that the APC will be furthering its relationship with other parties in collective service to State. “I received in my Oke-Mosan Office yesterday, (GNI), who led his political movement on a visit. Chief Isiaka is the leader of the Believe Movement and candidate of the African Democratic Congress (ADC) in the last Ogun State governorship election. DAILY POST recalls that Isiaka, who was the anointed candidate of former Governor Gbenga Daniel, contested under the platform of the Peoples Party of Nigeria (PPN) in 2011, after losing the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) ticket to Tunji Olurin. He lost the 2011 election to Sen. Ibikunle Amosun of the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN). It was the same scenario in 2015 when Isiaka, who contested under the platform of the PDP, lost again to Amosun of the APC. His last outing in 2019 was under the ADC, but his performance was far below expectations as he lost to the incumbent Gov Abiodun of the APC. However, the duo of Isiaka and Abiodun have continued to build a political relationship after the election to the surprise of many Ogun indigenes. It will be recalled that Isiaka and his brother, Wasiu Isiaka were members of Abiodun’s transition committee, fuelling speculations that there might have been a political agreement between Abiodun and Isiaka prior to the governorship election. It was also gathered from reliable sources that Isiaka has submitted to Abiodun, his list of nominees for appointment into his government. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.