Youths of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State have alleged that former Governor, Ibikunle Amosun of the state did not achieve anything in his first year in office. DAILY POST reports that Amosun ruled the state for eight years, from 2011 to 2019. Speaking about Gov Dapo Abiodun’s first six months in office, the APC youths, making a veiled reference to Amosun, said: “As at this time in the last administration, governance had not been felt until end of year 2012, despite coming on board since May 2011,” applauding the efforts of Abiodun in the last six months at the helms of Ogun State affairs. The group, under the aegies of All Progressives Congress, Youth League (APCYL) Ogun State chapter, advised Gov Abiodun to look away from those they described as distractors, charging him to “continue with his giant steps towards collectively building the state.” In a statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday in Abeokuta by the group’s Coordinator, Comrade Olamide Lawal, the group said “If Mr Governor can key into the above advice, even generations yet unborn would remain grateful to him for making Ogun State the new Centre of Excellence.” Lawal explained that, “it takes a minimum of a year and half for every new government to settle down to work; adding that Dapo Abiodun-led administration seems very prepared for the task. The statement reads further: “Governor Abiodun , irrespective of the several distractions by the opposition in forms of litigations and social media attacks, swung into action and had made impacts in virtually all sectors of the state economy.” “The education sector is gradually regaining its lost glories due to friendly policies of the present government. The Governor has made education free for our pupils in both primary and secondary schools and the infrastructural decay in the sector is being addressed aggressively with the ongoing renovation of 236 schools across all the wards in the State; promotion of over 10,000 teachers; training and retraining of the teachers among others.” “The health sector, which was neglected for eight years, is being revamped to become an envy for other states. Modern equipment has been purchased within this short period and hospital buildings are undergoing massive renovation.” “Agriculture and other sectors, are beginning to put the Gateway state on the world map for genuine investors.” “We, hereby, humbly advise that the Governor should look away from distractors and continue with his giant steps towards collectively building the state.” “If Mr Governor can key into the above advice, even generations yet unborn would remain grateful to him for making Ogun State the new Centre of Excellence.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.