Governor Dapo Abiodun of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and his closest rival in the March 9 governorship election in Ogun State, Hon. Adekunle Akinlade of the Allied Peoples Movement (APM) are engaged in war of wards over the legal tussle that followed the election. Gov Abiodun ‘cast the first stone’ when news broke out that Akinlade would be approaching the Supreme Court to seek justice following the dismissal of his petition by the election petition tribunal and the Appeal Court. Speaking through his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, Abiodun said “it is surprising that the Akinlade camp has refused to accept the position of God, the people and the judiciary at different independent levels.” The governor said his ever-ready team of lawyer would meet the “disgruntled remnants” of APM at the highest court of the land, expressing optimism that “the people’s verdict shall be conclusively established.” But Akinlade wasted no time in firing a salvo, telling Somorin that “his failed attempt to paint a picture of segmented Allied Peoples Movement (APM) shows clearly that he is ill-equipped in the act of propaganda.” In a statement signed by his party’s Publicity Secretary, Olumide Balogun, the former lawmaker said “Mr. Kunle Solarin’s ignorance of the workings of political power is clear when he wrongfully suggested that the Tribunal and Appeal court judgements were evident of their victory at the polls. If he ever communicates with his principal, which I doubt, he will know that both judicial pronouncements had the biblical ‘Esau’s hand’. Somorin’s statement read: “It is not surprising that the Akinlade camp of the Allied Peoples’ Movement (APM) has approached the Supreme Court on the same March 9 governorship election that Prince Dapo Abiodun massively won at the polls, validated by the tribunal and upheld by the Appeal court. “What is rather surprising is that the Akinlade camp has refused to accept the position of God, the people and the judiciary at different independent levels. “Much as it is their democratic right to test people’s will, we are however confident that as they have met no victory during the two earlier constitutional procedures, they will equally record none in the highest court of the land. “Our confidence is premised on the fact that all competent courts, while performing their duties in this regard, are guided by the constitution, the electoral act and the rule of law. “The mandate, which the people voluntarily gave to Prince Dapo Abiodun will be reaffirmed, and the Governor, who is unbothered by these shenanigans, will continue to ensure that dividends of democracy are delivered to the people for the next four years. “We thank the people of Ogun State for their support, all the other political parties for their solidarity and patriotism and we promised that we shall remain focussed, bear true allegiance to the constitution and stick to the mandate to develop the State and bring individual prosperity to the people. “Our ever-ready team of lawyers will meet the disgruntled remnants of APM at the highest court of the land and God willing, the people’s verdict shall be conclusively established.” Read Olumide Balogun’s reply:
“The statement credited to kunle Solarin the Chief Press secretary (CPS) to governor Dapo Abiodun smears of ignorance and shallowness. His failed attempt to paint a picture of segmented Allied Peoples Movement (APM) shows clearly that he is ill-equipped in the act of propaganda. “Somorin was quoted as saying that they will meet the “disgruntled remnants of APM at the Apex court”. The fact remains that, the APM is the most stable and biggest support group in Ogun State today. What he fails to realise is that majority of our supporters are APC, PDP, SDP, LP etc card carrying members. “What binds APM together is not money or greed like the insignificant APC faction he speaks for in Ogun State, rather our support base is solidly grounded on the ideology of sustainability and development of our dear State which Hon. Adekunle Abdulkabir Akinlade stands for. “Mr. Kunle Solarin’s ignorance of the workings of political power is clear when he wrongfully suggested that the Tribunal and Appeal court judgements were evident of their victory at the polls. If he ever communicates with his principal, which I doubt, he will know that both judicial pronouncements had the biblical Esau’s hand. “Someone should inform Mr. Kunle Solarin that APM support base is driven by very deep conviction that goes beyond court rulings. It is a MOVEMENT spurred by the desire for justice and honor. All students of political history know that a people so motivated are formidable by all standards. “Hon. Adekunle Abdulkabir Akinlade’s aspiration was never an happenstance, but a carefully structured ambition that hinges on the people. The same people have decided to test the strength of their case at the Supreme court. It is not about Triple A, but about the good people of Ogun State. “Kunle Solarin should reserve his child-like wits until after the Supreme court ruling and ponder on this for now, “could Dapo Abiodun have come this far if he had been dealt the same fate at the Oct. 2nd Primary, March 9th Election, Sept 14th Tribunal and Nov 11th Appeal? At APM, we remain unperturbed.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.