The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Ilorin Zonal office, has secured the conviction of one Abolarin Kayode prosecuted for offences bordering on internet fraud and other related offences. Abolarin was convicted and sentenced to six months jail by a Kwara State High court sitting in Ilorin presided over by Justice Sikiru Oyinloye. The defendant after his arraignment had pleaded with the anti-graft agency for plea bargain, having considered his involvement in internet fraud and the proof of evidence gathered against him by the agency. The amended charge read, “That you, Abolarin Kayode, on or about 6th February,2019, in Ilorin within the jurisdiction of the High court of Kwara state,did attempt to cheat by impersonation when you presented yourself as Dawn Groff and sent an email to one Gregory Carter, an American citizen through your acclaimed email groffdawn77@gmail.com, that Budweiser Drink is carrying out vehicle advertisement program, a representation you knew to be false and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 95 of the Penal code under Section 324 of the same penal code.” The accused person pleaded guilty to the amended charge. Reviewing the facts of the case, Olamide Sadiq, an operative of the anti-graft agency, told the court, “My Lord, 4th of February,2019, based on intelligence reports, operatives of the commission arrested the defendant and others at Agric Estate,in Ilorin for their involvement in internet scam, we analysed his phone and laptop and discovered that he created four emails for himself, the email conversations were printed in his presence and discovered that he sent several fraudulent messages to his victims, that was the circumstances in which I knew the defendant my Lord.” Delivering judgement, Justice Sikiru Oyinloye said the prosecution has been able to prove its case beyond reasonable doubt, adding that the anti-graft agency had been able to link the defendant with the allegation of internet fraud brought against him. According to the Judge, “The evidence of PW1, Olamide Sadiq, an operative of the agency, was not challenged or controverted. “This court finds you, Abolarin Kayode guilty of one count charge bordering on internet fraud and hereby convict and sentence you to six months imprisonment.” The judge also ordered the convict to forfeit his phones and laptop and a Lexus car to the Federal government of Nigeria. “The sentence is without an option of fine,” he added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.