An 18-year-old Nigerian, Peter Arotiba from Kogi State, has been awarded the National Distinction and Merit Award by the West Africa Examination Council (WAEC) for emerging overall best student in the 2018 examinations. Arotiba, who is currently studying Medicine and Surgery at the University of Ibadan, graduated from the Nigeria Air Force Secondary School, Ikeja, Lagos State. He was recognised alongside two others at the 57th Annual Meeting of the Nigeria National Committee (NNC) of WAEC, in Abuja on Thursday. Members of the council are drawn from the Federal Ministry of Education and stakeholders such as representatives of All Nigeria Confederation of Principals of Secondary Schools (ANCOPPS), Polytechnics, Universities, Colleges of Education, National Union of Teachers and JAMB. NAN reports that Arotiba had obtained distinction in all the eight subjects offered in the 2018 West African Secondary School Certificate Examination (WASSCE). Speaking with journalists after the awards presentation, Arotiba said that achieving success was a function of so many factors, the chief of which was God’s grace and hard work. “A lot of heroes, who have participated in building me up to whom I am today, instilled the spirit of excellence in me – my parents, my teachers and personal hard work. “I have a natural passion for reading, so studying was not an issue to me. When you work hard and depend on God’s grace, one will never be disappointed. “The sacrifice made to achieve this feat was a high level of discipline during examinations as I let go of other programmes I enjoyed and concentrated fully. “I study ahead by studying during the holidays. Lazying around during the holidays and playing around with friends during holidays were some of the things I refused doing,” he said.. Miss Oluwabukunmi Adeagbo, who is currently studying Medicine at the University of Debrecen, Hungary came second while Prince Abiamamela Obi-Obuoha, now studying Mechatronic Engineering at the Afe Babalola University, came third. WAEC also named the three overall best schools from the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) in the 2019 WASSCE to include Loyola Jesuit College, Louisville Girls’ Secondary School and Stella Maris College, Abuja. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.