A Senior Magistrates’ Court in Ilorin, Kwara State, on Monday, ordered that three men, charged with being in possession of a human skull, be remanded in a correctional centre. The Senior Magistrate, Mr Abdulrahman Bello, remanded James Moses, Moses Wabbari, and David Allah, in a Nigerian Correctional Service in Oke-Kura. The police charged the defendants with two counts of criminal conspiracy and possession of human skull. Bello adjourned the case until Nov. 20, for further mention. The prosecutor, Insp. Folorunsho Zacheous, told the court that the case was transferred from Nigeria Police, Operation Harmony, Ilorin to the Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department on Oct. 18. Zacheous said that a patrol team attached to the Operation Harmony, led by Sgt. Ogbeide Frank, on the Ajase-Ipo, Omu Aran road, intercepted a commercial vehicle heading to Ilorin. He said that during a random check of the vehicle, Moses was found to be in possession of a suspected dried human skull, NAN reports. The prosecutor said that investigation conducted led to the arrest of Wabbari and Allah. Zacheous said that the first defendant later confessed that Wabbari gave him the human skull to sell for N1 million, and they were heading to where they will get a buyer. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More