Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Majority Leader of the House of Representatives, Hassan Doguwa, has been sacked by Court of Appeal sitting in Kaduna State. Doguwa, who represents Doguwa/Tudun Wada Federal Constituency of Kano State got his election nullified on grounds of massive irregularities. 2. The Oyo State Police Command has uncovered an illegal rehabilitation centre at Olore Central Mosque in Ojo area of Ibadan, where it rescued over 200 inmates. The Commissioner of Police, Mr Shina Olukolu, on Monday, said that the illegal centre was discovered following a tip off by an informant.
Olukolu said that young men and women found at the centre were subjected to inhuman treatment. 3. The Nigerian Government has warned that it will not reopen its borders until a tripartite meeting is held with ECOWAS member states within the next two weeks. Mr. Geoffrey Onyeama, Minister of Foreign Affairs, who briefed newsmen following an Inter-Ministerial meeting Preparatory to the Tripartite Anti-Smuggling Committee Meeting of Nigeria, Benin and Niger, said that the meeting was under the directive of President Muhamadu Buhari regarding the border closure, stating that it was the desire of Mr President that the issues should be addressed as quickly as possible. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Monday, signed the amended Deep Offshore Act. Buhari signed the bill on Monday in London, even as he commended the National Assembly for cooperation, adding that the amended Bill will generate at least $500m additional revenue for the Nigerian government. 5. The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Monday declared that it won’t allow Fulani herders under the auspices of Miyetti Allah associations in the South East. The seperatist group, through its spokesperson, Emma Powerful, insisted that lands in the South East region won’t be given to herders under the Federal Government’s Ruga settlement initiative. 6. At least 13 students of the Kogi State University situated in Ayingba have been reported killed by some people suspected to be cult members between Friday and (today) Monday. Among those killed were Oloruntoba Godwin, a 300-level student of Geography and Ajikeye Richard of the department of Accountancy, also a 200-level student. Both students are said to be indigenes of Ijumu Local Government Area of kogi state. 7. Three kids were trapped to death and two others injured at the weekend, following the collapse of a building in Akaeze community, Ivo Local Government Area of Ebonyi State. The names of the victims were given as Mmesoma, 11, Onyinyechi, 5, and John, 3, belonging to one Sunday Okereke. 8. Muslim Rights Concern, MURIC, has expressed anger over the alleged killing and attacks on Muslims in Oyo State. The group through its director, Professor Ishaq Akintola, called for the arrest of one Ojo Akinlabi for allegedly killing Pa Taiwo Biliaminu, a septuagenarian. 9. The Nigeria Hydrological Services Agency (NHISA) says five states of the country should be on ‘Red Alert’ of imminent flooding. Mr Clement Nze, Director General of NIHSA, who made this known to newsmen at a news conference at NIHSA headquarters on Monday in Abuja, listed the states as Edo, Delta, Rivers, Anambra and Bayelsa. 10.The Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike said said that kidnapping has come to stay in Nigeria, adding that it is difficult to stop the criminal activity Wike, who spoke when played host to the Rotary International District 9141 Governor, Nze Anizor, at the Government House on Monday., said this is because kidnapping has become a lucrative business. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.