The Zamfara State House of Assembly in its sitting on Tuesday, laid to rest the raging controversy over payment of pension and other entitlements for the former governors, speakers and their deputies in the state by repealing the law outrightly. This was disclosed by the Assembly’s Public Relations Officer, Mustapha Jafaru Kaura, in a statement issued to newsmen. He said while presenting the bill before the House today, the House Leader, Hon. Faruk Musa Dosara (PDP Maradun 1), urged his collogues to as a matter of urgency consider the complete repeal of the law, which provides the jamboree pay for the former political leaders of the state at the detriment of the retired civil servants, who have not been paid their entitlements over the years. According to Hon. Dosara, these category of past leaders were collecting over N700,000 million naira annually, which he said the present state economy cannot accommodate for now. Seconding the motion at the chamber Hon. Tukur Jekada Birnin Tudu (PDP) Bakura Local Government, said the abolition of the law is highly necessary as its detrimental to the socio-economic well being of our people. Kaura in the statement noted that, after serious deliberations and contributions by the house members, the speaker Right Honourable Nasiru Mu’azu Magarya ordered the Clerk to the house to give the bill first and second reading and later the house went for a committee of the whole in which thereafter the bill went for a third reading and resolved that the bill has now passed into law and will be sent to the governor for his assent. With this development according to the spokesperson of the State House of Assembly Mustapha Jafaru kaura all past political leaders in Zamfara State will no longer enjoy any entitlements unless those prescribed by national revenue mobilisation allocation and fiscal commission. The Spokesman noted the House adjourned sitting to tomorrow, Wednesday, 27/11/2019 by 10:00am prompt Recall that, the former Zamfara State governor, Abdulaziz Yari, had forwarded a letter to the state government demanding to be paid ten million naira as monthly upkeep allowances and a pension equivalent to the salary he was receiving while in office. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.