The Bayelsa State Governor-elect, Chief David Lyon, has set up a 59-members transition committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the State. The transition committee is made up of former governorship aspirants of the party, members of the Federal House of Representatives, party executive members and politicians from the three senatorial districts. In the statement issued on Thursday by the State Chairman of the APC, Hon. Jothan Amos, the Committee is headed by the former Acting Governor, Rt. Hon. Werinipre Davidson Seibarugu. Other members of the Transition Committee included Chief Obioha Oworibor, as Secretary, the members of the Federal House of Representative, Hon. Isreal Sunny-Goli, Hon. Preye Influence Oseke, Prof Millionaire F. N Abowei, Engr Fakuma Ilagha, Dr Dennis Otiotio, the alternate Director-General of the David Lyon campaign organization, Prof Seiyefa Brisibe, Barr James Ayoboa and Chief Beinmo Spiff. Also on the list are Chief Ate Beredugo, Prof. Ngoebi Etebu, Hon Ebitimi Amgbare, Diseye Poweigha Rtd, Chief Diekivie Ikiogha, Sen Nimi-Barigha Amange, Hon Gamene Difurutorgu, Lady Ann Netiman, Engr Mike Ogiasa, Barr Eddy Orubo, Hon David Oboma , Hon Amalanyo Yousuo, Hon Undutimi Komonibo, Hon Donald Egberibin, the junior brother to the Bayelsa Governor, Hon Gabriel John Jonah,Rt Hon Claudius Enegesi, Chief Eboroh E. K Edeba, Barr Godknows Powell, a former member of the House of Representative, Hon Nadu Karibo, Barr Rex Ogbuku, Chief Abel Ebifemowei, Captain Mathew Karimo and Chief Moses Otazi. Others included Mr. Livingstone Kipus, Engr. Augustine Pabo, Chief Alex Ekiotenne, Dr Ebikitin Diongoli, Surveyor Furuebi Freeborn Akene, Mrs Gloria Izonfuo, Hon Salvation Tuesday, Hon Stella Dorgu, Barr. Inimo Orubemienkumo, Barr Whyte Rhodesia, Hon Samuel Tangi, Dr Theodore Allison, O. J Martins and Amb Augustus Osuomo. Hon R. J Etolor, Mr Onini Nelson Izonebi, Hon Ebianga Egain, Sir Churchill Williams, Chief Stephen Ogula, Selekeye Ben Victor,Chief Stephen Bekefula, Hon Henry Ofongo, Hon Ayibakuro Nelson, Barr Ebi Ogionwo and Dr. Mabel Ogon. It would be recalled that the State Governor, Hon. Seriake Dickson, on Tuesday inaugurated two committees on safety of government Assets Committee & Immovable Assets and Investment Committee, both of which are to serve as sub committees of the transition committee earlier set up by his administration. Governor Dikson, while performing the inauguration, emphasised on the need for both committees to properly document the movable and immovable assets of government, including investments, which would form part of his hand over notes to the incoming government He remarked that when he took over power in 2012, there was no properly documented information on government assets, adding that as a responsible, responsive, accountable and transparent government he was prepared to change that by furnishing the incoming government with this information to enable it take off smoothly. The Committee on immovable assets and investments has Mrs. Funkazi Koroye-Crooks, who is also the Chief Special Adviser on Investment and International affairs, as Chairman. Tam Alazigha is Co-chairman while Patience Ranami Abbah is to serve as Secretary and Ikobho Anthony Howells, as member. The Committee on Safety of Government Assets has Boma Spero Jack as Chairman, Vice Chairman, Commander Umoru, while the Principal Executive Secretary, Governors reps, Liaison Officer lagos, PSO, CSP Okoyen and the Hon. Commissioner for Transport and a representative of the SSS are to serve as members. Both committees are to work with the larger transition committee headed by the Secretary to the state government, Barrister Kemela Okara. Addressing newsmen shortly after the exercise, chairmen of both committees , Funkazi Koroye-crooks and Boma Spero Jack, in their separate remarks, commended Governor Dickson for setting up the committees as the reports would serve as a veritable pool of information for the incoming administration to hit the ground running. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.