The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), has confirmed the death of six people in a ghastly auto crash along Bauchi-Darazo road. Speaking to journalists Thursday afternoon, the Public Relations Officer of the FRSC, Bauchi Sector Command, Rilwan Suleiman, said two females and four males died in the crash. He said the accident occurred at Badaromo, about 25 kilometers to Bauchi metropolis. He said that the accident, which occurred on Thursday, at exactly 9.30am, involved two vehicles, a Honda Hennesy carrying five people and another vehicle. According to him: “In the process of trying to overtake the other vehicle, the driver of the Honda went and collided with a Sharon which carried nine people. “In all, 14 people were involved in the crash. The Sharon veered off the road into the bush and somersaulted, which resulted to the death of six people. “Our men rushed to the scene and rescued them to the Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Teaching Hospital, Bauchi, where six of them were certified dead by a medical doctor. Those who died were two females, a mother, her baby and four males. The remaining nine people who sustained varying degrees of injuries were taken to the hospital for treatment.” He said all the corpses were deposited at the mortuary of the ATBU Teaching Hospital for documentation. The FRSC PRO said that the vehicles started its journey from Misau and was on its way to Bauchi. Suleiman called on drivers to change their attitude towards driving and obey road traffic regulations in order to reduce the loss of lives from accidents. “What we are saying is this, they need to change their attitude towards driving because most of the crashes that are now happening are as a result of refusal to obey simple rules and regulations while driving. “Imagine this accident that had just happened, the driver could have waited for a few seconds for the oncoming vehicle to pass before overtaking the one in front of him, but look at what happened, because he refused to wait. “So, I call on them to be law abiding and fear God Almighty and have respect for lives,” Suleiman pleaded. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.