A group, Forum of Igala Journalists (FORIJA), has described as reckless and immature the statement credited the Senator representing Kogi East Senatorial District, Isah Jibrin Echocho that the murder of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Woman leader, Mrs. Salome Acheju Abuh, through arson was as an aftermath of a reprisal attack. In a statement, the group said as a lawmaker, it was regrettable that Senator Echocho public statement is an endorsement of man’s inhumanity to man. “This is the least expected of a lawmaker in the upper chamber, no matter the political inclination. This is an issue that concerns human life more so that this act was perpetuated within the district he represents.” The Senator had during a plenary on the floor of the Senate said the burning of Mrs Abuh to death in her house on Monday November 18 was a reprisal attack. The group frowned at a situation where a lawmaker will turn himself into a law by indirectly endorsing such carnage. It therefore urged Senator Echocho to examine himself as he has lost the goodwill of the people since he has decided to take sides with criminal elements in order to oppress the people. According to the statement signed by the President of FORIJA, Mr Reuben Okala, it charged the Police on speedy investigation in order to ensure that the culprits are brought to justice in line with the extant laws of the land, as justice delayed, it noted, is justice denied. The statement further expressed its belief that any evil done to man by man shall be redressed by God, if not now, certainly later. Therefore, the group said, must be held to account for their dastardly act as that is the only way to guard against recurrence in the future. FORIJA used the opportunity to condole with Mr. Simeon Abuh, husband of the deceased and other members of the family and prayed God to give them the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.