The Akwa Ibom State Police Command, on Friday confirmed that one Godwin Thomas was shot dead in a marriage ceremony at Ndiya Ikot Ukab in Nsit Ubium local government area of the state. The police said they must fish out the perpetrator of such act. It was gathered that the deceased, Thomas, was allegedly shot dead on Thursday during a Traditional marriage of one of governor Emmanuel’s drivers in Nsit Ubium local government area of the state by a security agent whose identity could not yet be ascertained. An indigene of the area who simply identified himself as Mr. Akpan said, “From what people that were close to where the ugly incident happened said, the deceased went to ask for money from the groom,(governor’s driver) but as the security officer was trying to stop him (Thomas) he ended up shooting the man with his gun. “He was rushed to hospital but he could not make. It is so pathetic. The guy was a performer at the traditional marriage of the governor’s driver. He was shot by a security agent.” The state Public Relations Officer SP, Odiko MacDon in a statement issued to journalists in the state said the culprit suspected to be a police officer was yet to be identified and apprehended. Macdon who described the incident as unfortunate, disclosed that the commissioner of police CP Zaki Ahmed has ‘ordered for a more discreet investigation to be quickly carried out to unravel the perpetrator of the said crime and prosecute same.’ The PPRO also cleared the misconception that one of the security details of Governor Udom Emmanuel shot the deceased saying that governor Emmanuel and his security personnel had already left the venue before the incident occurred. The statement read in parts, “The Akwa Ibom state police command has received a report on the very unfortunate and unacceptable incident that happened on Thursday, October 7th, at Ndiya Ikot Ukab in Nsit Ubium Local Government Area of the State where one Mr. Godwin Thomas was shot dead by a yet to be identified alleged Police Officer. “Our preliminary investigation revealed that the incident occurred after a marriage ceremony which was well attended at the above location and that there were Police personnel from within the State and neigbouring States on escort duties. Our preliminary findings further showed that, as at the time of the incident, the security personnel from Akwa Ibom Government House had left the area.” Also governor Emmanuel has condemned the shooting, and directed security agencies in the state to fish out whoever was responsible for the death of the innocent man.
Emmanuel, who gave the directive yesterday (Friday) in a statement signed by Mr. Charles Udoh, the state Commissioner for Information and made available to newsmen, described the tragic incident as saddening and pledged his commitments in protecting lives and properties in the state. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.