The Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II, has said the parents of abducted children in Kano State should be jailed for neglecting their children to roam aimlessly on the street. DAILY POST had reported that nine children were kidnapped in Kano and taken to Onitsha in Anambra State where they were sold. However, the Emir called on the police to charge parents of the abducted children for criminal negligence. He spoke in his palace during the 2019 Public Campaign Against Drug Abuse organised by League for Societal Protection Against Drug Abuse, LESPADA, over the weekend. Sanusi said: “On the issue of abducted Kano children, I have been speaking with Obi of Onitsha on the issue. We are keeping track on the issue. “We heard all manner of outrage against the Igbos that our children were stolen. Did the Igbo kidnappers enter into your house to abduct the child? Or, did you allow your child to roam in the street aimlessly? “We must tell ourselves the truth. When the first parents reported the case of their missing children to me, I said, had I got the powers I have sent the parents to jail. “I even directed that the commissioner of police should be asked if we have any law called criminal negligence. Don’t we have such a law? Whoever comes to report abduction of his 4-year-old child while playing deserves to be jailed. Criminal negligence! “Hausa man must change his thinking. We will always apportion blame on Igbos, Yoruba, when it is actually our fault. “Now, make attempt to abduct a child in Onitsha and see if you will find one available. Is this not true? Do they leave their 3 to 4-year-old children roaming in the street begging? “If you can’t feed your family, don’t send your child to beg on your behalf. If we continue to live in self-denial, we will live to cry, shifting blame. “I am not saying others are not guilty, I know tomorrow people will start saying I am blaming parents for abduction of their children. I know my statement is always misconstrued. I did not say they are not guilty, but Hausa man himself observed in a proverb that ‘if the fly is stubborn, the candy is sweet.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.