The Igala Cultural and Development Association (ICDA) board of trustees over the weekend gathered at the graveside of the late political titan, Stephen Makoji Achema at Idah in Kogi East Senatorial District to pray and reinforce support for PDP’s Engr. Musa Wada. Chairman, board of trustees of ICDA, and a chieftain of the APC, Dr. Yakubu Ugwolawo who led other trustee members and socio-cultural groups across Igala land noted that the late politician would have resisted bad governance in Kogi State, if he were to be alive, while urging electorate to vote out APC’s Yahaya Bello on November 16. Dr. Ugwolawo while paying respect to the late Dr. Stephen Makoji Achema, a PDP, recalled how he championed the political agenda that enthroned late Prince Abubakar Audu of APP in 1999. “We are here at the burial site of our former political leader, Dr. Stephen Makoji Achema who died on 6th November, 1999 to pay respect to a man who believed in the course of Igala land. “This is a man who would have resisted bad governance if he were to be alive irrespective of party differences. “The same political scenario in 1999 has presented itself in 2019, twenty years after and we are to take a decision he would have taken. We therefore call on Igala sons and daughters to respect late Achema the way we all respected him in 1999 and vote out APC’s Yahaya Bello”, Dr. Ugwolawo insisted. Before the board launched Ujache Campaign Movement, Dr. Ugwolawo lamented that the APC government in Kogi State has undermined the electorate in the last four, years only to turn around seeking votes of the people that were undermined. The ICDA board Chairman who is a chieftain of the ruling All Progressives Congress in Kogi State said “party does not matter when the party has failed the people” , noting that it has been a nightmare in Kogi in the last four years. Dr. Achema who was the Senior Special Assistant to President Olusegun Obasanjo on Labour Matters died in a ghastly motor accident close to Murtala Mohammed bridge along Koton Karfe – Lokoja road on his way from Abuja to attend PDP Congress on 6th November, 1999. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.