Governor Nyesom Wike has announced the withdrawal of his promises for the Nigerian Bar Association in Rivers State. Governor Wike said he was withdrawing his promises because the NBA threatened to shut down the courts over alleged constant attacks on lawyers in the state rather than seeking for solution. Addressing a special court session of the Formal Opening of the 2019/2020 Legal Year of the Rivers State Judiciary in Port Harcourt, Governor Wike also expressed regret that the Nigerian Bar Association crossed the redline by playing politics with the security situation. Governor Wike also expressed dissatisfaction with the performance of the Rivers State judiciary in terms of dispensing of the cases brought before them. He urged the State judiciary to reciprocate the investments of the State Government by stepping up performance. According to him; “The NBA kept quiet when they closed down our courts in 2013. It lost its voice and remained indifferent when the homes of judges were brazenly attacked in the dead of night by security agents. Again, it looked the other way and maintained a conspiratorial silence when political thugs invaded the High Court premises in a failed politically-motivated bid to stop judges from sitting. ” In the midst of these failures and acts of gross irresponsibility, the Chairman of the Port Harcourt branch of the NBA could have the temerity to issue ultimatums to the State Government and threatening to boycott courts on account of an unfortunate kidnap incident that affected a member of the association. “We have withdrawn all our support and patronage for the NBA in Rivers State, including the promise to support the hosting of the 2020 National Conference of the NBA in Port Harcourt.” Earlier in her address, Chief Judge of Rivers State, Justice Adama Iyaye-Laminkara, commended Governor Wike for the interventions of the State Government in the development of the State Judiciary, adding that the construction of Judges Quarters by the Rivers State Governor was one of the outstanding achievements in the state. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.