The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has said the public apology and kneeling by the Kaduna State Governor and Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, campaign council in Kogi State, Nasir El-Rufai, confirmed that the state Governor, Yahaya Bello does not merit a second term. DAILY POST reports that El-Rufai had knelt at the APC mega rally in Lokoja, on Thursday, begging the people of the state to forgive Bello of whatever wrong he had done and vote him back to power. El-Rufai had said, “Many people say Yahaya Bello is young and that he has fought many people. For every one that the governor has offended, I am asking all of you to forgive him. He is young, he is supposed to make mistakes. “When you are young, you make mistakes, but you are supposed to learn from him. On his behalf, I am kneeling down to beg all of you to forgive Yahaya Bello if he has offended you.” Reacting, PDP pointed out that the “genuflection by El-Rufai is also a direct confirmation that the failed Governor Bello cannot lay claim to any genuine vote at the November 16 governorship election.” In a statement by its spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan, the party recalled that the “Edo State deputy governor, Philip Shuaibu, also knelt before the Kogi people to beg for Yahaya Bello which further shows that it is public knowledge that the governor misused the opportunity given to him to lead the state. “Unfortunately, the apology is coming too late in the day and cannot be accepted by the people of Kogi state, whose lives, Yahaya Bello had turned into a living hell in the last four year. “Moreover, Yahaya Bello openly confirmed that he is irredeemable as he stood without any sign of remorse while El-Rufai and the Edo State deputy governor begged the unimpressed scanty crowd. “Governor El-Rufai and the APC ought to have counselled Yahaya Bello at the time he was busy suppressing, insulting, abusing and making life unbearable for the people of Kogi state as if there will not be a day of reckoning. “The irreversible fact is that the day of reckoning has come. The people of Kogi state have moved beyond Yahaya Bello and the APC. They are already moving on with the PDP candidate, Engr. Musa Wada, in their determination for a new order in their state and there is no looking back.” PDP advised Governor El-Rufai to assist Governor Bello in “preparing his handover notes as he will surely face a crushing defeat at the polls, come Saturday, November 16th.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.