Ebonyi state government had at the weekend disassociated itself from the 25-year-old girl, one Miss Igwe Vivian who was arrested by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, for alleged involvement in seventeen Million Naira (N17,000,000) fraudulent transaction. The government noted that the said Igwe Vivian was not known to them as a staff in the Protocol unit of the government house, Abakaliki. The commissioner for Internal Security, Border, Peace and Conflict Resolution, Chief Stanley Okoro Emegha who spoke on behalf of the state government noted that the accused was not known to them. He added that Igwe was not a civil servant or in any way in the payroll of the state government but a mere messenger who comes around to help staff of the Protocol units. Recall that, DAILY POST had reported that the said Vivian Igwe was arrested by the men of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) from the Ebonyi state Police Area Command at one of the branches of ECO-BANK and was later handed over to the officials of EFCC from the Enugu zonal office, who whisked her away. According to the commissioner “the girl in question is not a staff of government house. “she is just a casual messenger to one of the offices, especially the former D.O.P. She is not in any way a staff of any ministry. And we wouldn’t want to go into details of how she came about the N17 million in her account. But all we know is that the security agencies are already on top of the matter. “And we know that at the end of the EFCC investigation, they will come up with better information and knowledge of how the money entered into the girl’s account. “in my own interrogation, I asked the girl of who gave her the money? She said, she was not aware that such money entered into her account. I equally asked her, whether she gave her account number to any person. She said, a family friend who lived in Lagos demanded her account number last March, who later sent her N2500. “The truth remains that, if she has hand in it, she will go in for it. The true position of the government is that she is not a staff of any ministry nor the Protocol of the government house,” he stated. However, investigation revealed that, the said Vivian Igwe at the time of filing this report is undergoing interrogation at the Enugu zonal office of the EFCC. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.