A former member of the House of Representatives from Plateau State, Hon. Bitrus Kaze, has declared that the decision of the Supreme Court to uphold the re-election of President Muhammadu Buhari, has taken the country fifty years backwards. He also said the decision has further subjected Nigerians to the worst administration in the annals of the nation’s democratic history. Kaze disclosed this in an exclusive interview with DAILY POST in Jos, the Plateau State capital. DAILYPOST recalls that the Supreme Court had last week dismissed an appeal by the main opposition (PDP) candidate, Atiku Abubakar to overturn the result of February’s presidential vote in which President Muhammadu Buhari was re-elected. The judgement brought to an end the bitter eight-month legal battle. But Kaze while reacting, said, “The Supreme Court crushed the last hope of the overwhelming majority of Nigerians who were set to pour out massively into the streets in wild jubilations to celebrate what would have been the restoration of our democracy. “In only three sentences, a few citizens privilege to hold sway as our Supreme Court judges completely dashed our hopes within split seconds. According to him, “Little wonder, former CJN Onnoghen’s disgraceful ouster was accomplished in record time. “Nigeria has been taken back to its pre-independence era, native colonialists are holding our country by the jugulars”, he decried. “We have been subjected to the worst administration in the annals of Nigeria’s democratic history.” Kaze who represented Jos South/Jos East in the House of Representatives between 2007 to 2015, maintained that, “It has become a herculean task trying to decipher which is worse between the Gen. Abacha military regime and the Gen. Buhari civilian junta. “Gen Buhari continues to hold on to power more by a cabal than by constitutionality, and has taken Nigeria fifty years backwards”, he lamented. The former Lawmaker, however, called on patriotic Nigerians to return to the trenches to ensure the return of democracy in the country. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.