Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State on Tuesday, approved the reconstruction of the 65-kilometre Moniya/Ijaiye/Iseyin Road for the sum of N9.9b. DAILY POST gathered that the immediate past Governor of the state, Mr. Abiola Ajimobi, had earlier awarded the contract at the rate of N7b. It was gathered that a sum of two billon naira (N2.b) was allegedly paid to the contractor, Messers Olaniran by the government of Mr Ajimobi before he left office on May 29 this year. However, Commissioner for Infrastructure, Works and Transport, Professor Raphael Afonja, while speaking on Tuesday, revealed that the contract has been re-awarded to another contactor at the rate of N9.9b. Afonja made this revelation at the end of the State Executive Council Meeting. He hinted that the road contract has been awarded to Messrs KOPEK Construction Company. Makinde recently revoked the contract after lamenting the slow pace of work and shoddy job being done. Afonja, while justifying the increment of the money for the contract, noted that several key components in the road project had been upgraded in other for it to be qualitative, long-lasting and fitted to serve the State better. “Let me use this medium to announce to the Oyo State indigenes that, at the Executive Council meeting, Governor Seyi Makinde approved the total reconstruction of Moniya-Ijaye-Iseyin road which is an important road that will add value to the economy of the state. “We are all aware that the contract of this road was initially terminated by Governor Makinde, due to the inconsistency and underperformance of the other contractor that was disengaged from the past administration. “I must say that one of the things that was captured in the approval process is that, this road will be completed in 12 months. “We have selected a contractor that will be carrying out this project in the person of KOPEK and we are hoping that, by the end of the week, they will move to the site, mobilize and start their work. So, we look forward to get this road completed by this time next year.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.