The Governor of Zamfara State, Hon Bello Mohammed has expressed confidence in the state commissioner of police, Mr. Usman Nagogo for his efforts in tackling the security issues in the state, saying that the state is fast getting freed from the long dominated security challenges in the state. Matawalle made his feelings known today at the Government House while receiving firearms voluntarily surrendered by two repentant bandits, Sani Mochoko and Alhaji Shehu Bagewaye who in the past had been terrorizing communities in the state but have now came out to join hands with the state government following the governor’s peace and reconciliation initiative. “I wish to declare that I pass a vote of confidence in this Commissioner of Police, Mr. Usman Nagogo because he has shown the government and people of Zamfara state that he is here to demonstrate what police work really means, which is the protection of people’s lives and properties while trying to show the bad eggs among us that all hope is not lost because that they can leave their bad ways, reintegrate into the society and contribute positively to national development,” he said. The governor who lamented that there are moves by some highly placed citizens of the state to remove the commissioner who they feel should not be doing the right thing perhaps for reasons best known to them said this will not happen especially now that the inspectors general of Police Mohammed Adamu is insisting on zero tolerance to criminality. Governor Matawalle,however, urged the state commissioner of police not to be distracted by those selfish persons but also appealed to the IGP not to allow such mischievous elements to misguide him with their leftist thoughts. He reiterated his confidence in the Senate President Ahmad Lawan on his stance for justice and the need for Nigeria to remain as a united entity with citizens living happily believing that the National Assembly will not support the moves by the disgruntled elements who are bent on bringing down the Matawalle’s led administration in the state. He also informed the peace loving people of the state on the moves by the unpatriotic persons and urged them to disregard all possible empty propaganda that they could use to deceive the citizens. He therefore pleaded with President Muhammadu Buhari on behalf of the people of the state not to allow these disgruntled elements to take the state back for the terrible happenings which the people of the state faced for about a decade before the Matawalle’s government , noting that the President has shown his support to the peace and reconciliation initiative of the Matawalle administration since it begun in the last six months. While presenting the repentant bandits and their guns made up of four AK 47, two GPMC and 900 rounds of ammunition to the governor, the Commissioner of Police, CP Usman Nagogo said the bandits surrendered the items on their own volition following their confidence in the peace and reconciliation initiative which they said is transparent and convincing unlike the one done in the past. In his remarks, the special Assistant to the governor on Security, Alhaji Abubakar Mohammed Dauran said that the repentant bandits have been on the increase in the state even though there is no financial or other hidden benefits attached but for the fact that they now move freely and do business without any hindrance. On their own, the repentant bandits promised to support the state government in sustaining the peace and reconciliation accord and assured to continue to create awareness to those who are yet to embrace the peace process to do so that they can live peacefully without any fears or harassment. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.