The Kogi State Police Command has confirmed the burning down of Social Democratic Party, SDP Secretariat in Lokoja by suspected hoodlums in the early hours of Monday. DAILY POST had reported that the SDP office was earlier attacked on Sunday where windows and doors of the Secretariat were shattered while banners, posters and other campaign materials at the Secretariat were destroyed and replaced with the posters of the candidate of APC, governor Yahaya Bello. The State Commissioner of Police Mr Hakeem Busari who confirmed this in an interview with DAILY POST said the police had commenced investigation on the incident. ” We got a report that the SDP Secretariat in Lokoja was burnt down. The police are currently investigating the matter, perpetrators of this act will face the full wrath of the law” he said. The party had earlier alleged that there is an ongoing plan to attack the convoy of the SDP candidate, Barr Natasha Akpoti adding that the unfolding event has affirmed the allegation. However, the party Governorship candidate, Bar. Natasha Akpoti who visited the office on Monday morning alleged that there was plan by governor Yahaya Bello to attack her convoy adding that the unfolding event has affirmed the allegation. She claimed her state Secretariat in Lokoja was allegedly attacked by some gunmen suspected to be supporters of the All Progressive Congress (APC) who burned it down. She alleged that citizens of the state are often under attack if they are not in support of governor Yahaya Bello’s second term bid. ” Is this how we are going to sit down and watch the illegality of APC in Kogi State. They invaded our party Secretariat with arms, shooting sporadically and destroyed everything and then burnt down the property just because of an election? “Am calling on the President Muhammadu Buhari, the National Chairman of APC Comrade Adams Oshiomole, the governor of Kaduna State, Ahmed Nasiru El’Rufai to call governor Alhaji Yahaya Bello to order. Why are they supporting illegality in Kogi State. “Kogi State belongs to every Kogi citizen. I see no reason why Bello should think that he can use violence to achieve his aims. We will not allow that the people of Kogi have spoken,” she said. Also speaking, the state Chairman of the party, Alhaji Muktar Atimah condemned in strong term the burning of the party Secretariat by some hoodlums. According to him, what happened has brought big setback to democracy adding that those behind the crime must be arrested and brought to book. Meanwhile responding to the allegation, the Director-General Media and Publicity to the governor, Mr. Kingsly Fanwo said Natasha Akpoti should deal with her issues and leave the Governor out of her travails. “She is always out for unmerited sympathy. The Governor is against violence and has already told security agents to ensure the governorship election is peaceful. He can never be behind that,” he stated. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.