The Movement for the Actualization of Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB, has again expressed sadness over the state of affairs in Igboland. It spoke through its leader, Comrade Uchenna Madu in an address during the commemoration of the posthumous birthday of late Igbo leader, Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu. MASSOB said many years down the line, the Igbo were still facing myriads of challenges and injustice occasioned by bad governance and deliberate marginalization of the people. The speech on Monday read: “The 4th of November ought to be a special significant day in Igboland, a historic day in the history of Biafra. A day set aside by God himself for the purpose of establishing a man, a leading figure, a symbol of his divine plan for the emancipation of his chosen race, a day the greatest Igbo man that ever lived was born. His name is Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu (Eze Igbo Gburugburu). “Ojukwu is the only Igboman that his generation, present generation and future generation will always respect, honour and adore. Whatever Obafemi Awolowo and Alhaji Almadu Bello represent in existence of Yoruba and Hausa Fulani people, Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu doubled such representation in Igboland. Ndigbo awesomely reverence him as our second god. “I don’t wish to dwell much on the vision, mission, integrity and legacies of Eze Igbo Gburugburu, but I must point out that many Igbo persons are struggling, working or pressing to be like Ojukwu, even to be seen, addressed or worshiped like Ojukwu, many are into this journey for self glory and self pride which ultimately leads to self destruction while some are into it to make a positive point but in all, nobody can possess one quarter of Ojukwu’s exploit. “Today MASSOB is celebrating, honouring and observing the 86th posthumous birthday of Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu (Eze Igbo Gburugburu) all over Biafra land. We are celebrating a living legend, a symbol of Igboism, the lion that his fear conquers the enemies of Ndigbo. Today we have gathered to reflect, refresh and revive the consciousness of Ojukwuism in Igboland. “MASSOB honours and acknowledge Igbo leaders who were once close Ojukwu’s associates, leaders who walked with Ojukwu while he was alive, leaders whom Ojukwu testified of their ingenuity, uprightness and loyalty to his vision, Igbo leaders who are very close to Ojukwu even in his death. We charge them to rise up, to uphold and inculcate the legacies, visions, mission of Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu into consciousness of the younger generation.” MASSOB demanded that “Igbo political, religious, economical, traditional leaders must sit up now in advancement of emancipation of our people from Nigeria’s anti -gbo policies. “Igboland have been abandoned by successive government of Nigeria to decay and rot. All the federal roads in Igboland and few infrastructures that promote social stability in Igboland have been abandoned, neglected, cursed to perish by Nigeria Federal Government. “Educational systems and operations in Igboland is the worst hit by Successive government of Nigeria even though Ndigbo have the most brilliant and best Students in Nigeria since introduction of WAEC, NECO, GCE, JAMB and NABTEB. Primary and Secondary Education system in Arewaland and Yorubaland in Nigeria are free sponsored by Nigeria Federal government since after the Nigeria Biafra war but such academical and educational leverages are not extended or applied to Ndigbo. “Though Nigeria government has deliberately abandoned and neglected Igboland and Ndigbo to suffer, why must Igbo political, religious, traditional and economic leaders compliment our oppressor’s deliberate and constant government policies against our people’s survival in Nigeria? “Why should elective and self acclaimed leaders in Igboland continue singing praises of our oppressors and political enemies? What happened to Second Niger Bridge, Onitsha sea port, Aba dry port, Onitsha — Enugu expressway, Enugu –Port Harcourt expressway, Onitsha — Okigwe federal highway, Umuahia — Arochukwu — Ibibio — Ikot Ekpene — Aba federal highway, Umuahia — Ikot Ekpene — Uyo federal highway, Onitsha — Orlu — Mbano — Umuahia federal highway, Owerri — Mbaise — Umuahia federal highway, Onitsha — Adani — Nsukka federal road? “Erosion menaces have devastated Igboland with glaring dangers of collapsing, the dangerous erosion sites at Nkwoagu Amuda Isuochi and Uturu Isuikwuato both in Abia State, Nanka Orumba North and Ozubulu Ekwusigo in Anambra state etc are all sign of utmost neglect. Even though many Igbo leaders are cowards who can not defend the course of their people, MASSOB still has utmost regard for some Igbo leaders who eloquently defend and uphold the interest and cause of Ndigbo in Nigeria. “Finally, MASSOB demand and mandate that South-East Governors must start eulogizing the name, person and Image of Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu in their respective States through establishing Mechanic Villages in Ojukwu’s Name, which will create more Mechanical Innovations and inspirations among our teeming Youths whose future are at stake in Nigeria. “We also demand and mandate that these Igbo Governors must start naming prominent Institutions, Roads and Public Squares after the Name of Dim Chukwuemeka Odumejwu Ojukwu. We also hail Anambra Government for naming her State University after the Name of Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.