The Vice-Chancellor, Federal University of Agriculture Makurdi (FUAM), Benue State, Prof. Richard Kimbir, has denied that vice chancellors were against enrollment of staff on the Integrated Payroll and Personal Information System (IPPIS). Kimbir stated this on Friday in Makurdi in a news briefing to mark his two years in office. He said it was staff unions, especially Association of University Unions (ASUU) that were against the enrollment, NAN reports. He said VC’s were not in control of university funds. ”It is not correct that vice-chancellors are against IPPIS. It is the unions especially ASUU that are against it and they have given reasons as to why they don’t want it. “They are talking of some peculiarities that may not go down well if we join IPPIS and I think the Accountant General of the Federation is discussing the issue with them. “It is also not correct that VCs are employing new staff to cover their wage bill as a result of the IPPIS issue, for you to employ now, you need permission from the Federal Character Commission and other processes. The money is not with us but CBN. We don’t control university monies now,” he said. He said the peculiarities of the university system warranted regular employment to sustain the system owing to demands of existing vacancies in new programnes. The VC, however, decried paucity of funds to produce in commercial quantities some agricultural machines invented through scientific research by the university. “FUAM’s College of Engineering has produced machines for hulling of a local cereal ( Acha) as well as yam planter machines but has no funds to embark on commercial production,” he said. He said the university also produced two varieties of Cowpea: cowpea 1 and 2 respectively. According to him, the purpose of carrying out researches that produced the machines is to add value to the quality of lives by solving societal problems. “The aim is to offer qualitative knowledge to solve societal problems especially the use of modern agricultural scientific techniques and methods in solving the problems of farmers based on the institutional vision, mission and strategic plan of the university. “Our improved cowpea varieties are a toast of farmers and this has earned us commendations from various individuals, reputable organizations within and outside Nigeria,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.