Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: The Court of Appeal sitting in Calabar, the Cross River State capital, has ruled in favour of Sen. Godswill Akpabio, nullifying the election of Dr Chris Ekpenyong, who was declared winner of the February 23, 2019 National Assembly election in Akwa Ibom North-West Senatorial District. The court also ordered the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to withdraw the Certificate of Return issued to Dr Ekpenyong and conduct a fresh election in the Senatorial District within 90 days. The Holy Father, Pope Francis, on Saturday officially announced the retirement of His Eminence, John Cardinal Onaiyekan as the Archbishop of Abuja Dioceses. Mr Josef Ishu, department of Communications, Catholic Archdiocese of Abuja confirmed the development. According to the letter from Rome, Pope Francis appointed Archbishop Ignatius Kaigama as the new Archbishop of the Catholic Archdiocese of Abuja. Ishu, however, noted that the date for the installation of the new Archbishop would be communicated in due course. The Court of Appeal sitting in Lagos, on Saturday, upheld the election of Gov. Babajide Sanwo-olu of Lagos State. The five-man panel, in two separate judgments, upheld Sanwo-Olu’s victory in the March 9 poll and dismissed the appeal by the governorship candidates of Labour Party (LP) and Alliance for Democracy (AD). The appellate court in both judgments upheld the decision of the Election Petition Tribunal that the appellants failed to prove that Sanwo-Olu was not competent to contest the March 9 governorship poll by virtue of his alleged mental incompetence. Disaster was on Saturday averted at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos after a tanker conveying Premium Motor Spirit, PMS, lost balance and spilled its contents on the major road leading to the nation’s busiest airport. The incident, which occurred about 10a.m, caused heavy vehicular traffic around the airport and its environs for several hours. According to the report, disaster was averted due to the prompt action taken by both FAAN firefighters and the Lagos State Fire Fighters. Governors from the South-West, South-South, South-East and the Middle Belt have insisted they will never donate lands in their regions for herdsmen settlements. They were reacting to the latest threat by herdsmen under the aegis of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore where they said giving them land would guarantee peace in states. The governors from the four geopolitical zones of the country have now said that no amount of threat would force them to donate lands for settlements in their regions. They spoke through their media aides. Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide has asked Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, to resign as VP following the alleged rift between him and President Muhammadu Buhari. The group also called to question the action of Buhari who left for Saudi-Arabia, and London without handing over to his VIce. This was contained in a statement signed by Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro, President General and Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, Secretary-General. The Biafra Nations Youth League, BNYL, has called for the immediate withdrawal of troops of the ‘Operation Atilogwu Udo’ from the Southeast region. National Leader of BNYL, Princewill Chimex Richard, in a statement on Saturday, wondered why the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government be militarizing the East every year whereas other regions, especially the North where bandits and terrorists are killing people on a daily basis are being ignored. He accused the military of extorting money from people in the region. Activist lawyer, Femi Falana, has alleged that President Muhammadu Buhari was secretly working towards a third term agenda. Addressing journalists over the weekend, the activist lawyer alleged that some of the moves by the president such as trying to stifle free speech, a crackdown on the media, including the new media, disobedience of court order, ruling from London and closing borders showed that the president was working so hard to extend his tenure beyond 2023. Following the ruling by the Appeal Court in Calabar Cross River State, ordering a rerun of the National Assembly elections in Essien Udim Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State, the Peoples’ Democratic Party as well as the Senator representing Akwa Ibom North-West Senatorial District, Senator Chris Ekpenyong have expressed optimism to come out victorious in the rerun. Ekpenyong and the PDP who said they were never daunted with the ruling of the Appeal court, challenged Godswill Akpabio to, first of all, resign his position as the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs and face a rerun, adding that they would defeat him in the polls as they ‘did before.’ Two members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) currently undergoing their 3-week orientation course for the 2019 Batch C Stream 1 in Ebonyi State have been sacked from the orientation camp. The Corps members were sacked from camp for refusing to wear trousers. It was learnt that the duo refused to wear trousers because it was against their faith and as such preferred to wear skirt. They are Okafor Love Obianuju with registration number EB/19C/0523 and Odji Oritsetsolaye (EB/19C/0530). Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.