Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has described the death of the former Minister of Information, late Chief Alex Akinyele as a huge loss not only to the state but the entire country. Describing the Ondo Public Relations guru as a man of many parts, Akeredolu emphasized that
Chief Alex “created a different perception of Public Relations which he nurtured zealously.” Recall that DAILY POST had reported that the former Information Minister died on Thursday after a brief illness. In a condolence message by the governor which was signed by his Commissioner for Information, Donald Ojogo, he said that, “Late Alex Akinyele was a man of many parts who made sound and meaningful impacts in his active days of service to the Nation. The urbane, quintessential personality and glamour which he blended with an alluring cultural carriage provided an enviablly distinct style that was proudly Nigerian. His highly tasteful social life never dimished his love for the Yoruba culture; it rather attracted and exported admiration. “No doubt too, the former Information Minister created a different perception of Public Relations which he nurtured zealously. His was not just PR. His human relations exuded a perfectionist’s bend that took Information and Perception Management to a different pedestal in the country. “Going the way of other mortals is a debt for all. The difference is time. As our icon, Alex Akinyele pays his and moves on, ours is to pray for the repose of his soul. This is even as his legacies are there for all, especially PR practitioners to maximize. His love for the family while alive, shall clearly remain undying even in his absence. “On behalf of the Government and the good people of Ondo State, Governor Oluwarotimi Odunayo Akeredolu , SAN shares this moment of loss. It is a personal loss to him in some significant respects. “Aside being a respected Nigerian elder and opinion leader of Ondo State origin, the late Aleco like I and many other Nigerian patriots, is a proud product of the Great Ife, the nation’s pride and excellence symbol. Great Ife will miss him greatly. Every Alumnus feels this vacuum,” the statement read. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.