Fear has gripped the staff of Ekiti State University (EKSU), Ado Ekiti, as the university management is allegedly making surreptitious efforts to sack about 500 staff of the institution. The staff, according to multiple sources, were those that were employed by the immediate past Vice-Chancellor, Prof Samuel Oye Bandele during his tenure. Again, some professors, who were promoted during that time might be demoted over allegation that academic due process was not strictly adhered to in their elevations. One of the affected persons, who craved anonymity, said the new management, headed by Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Council, Prof Bamitale Omole, had consistently been complaining that over-bloated workforce exists in the university and that prompt action must be taken to rectify it. The Academics Staff Union of Universities, EKSU chapter, had in September threatened to embark on strike owing to the inability to pay their salaries and other benefits. The ASUU chairman, Dr Kayode Arogundade, disclosed that the monthly wage bill of the university had increased from N380 million to over N502 million, while the monthly subvention from government stood at N260 million, leaving the university to grapple hard to make up for the N262m shortfall internally. The source, who was employed as an academic staff said: “yes, it was true, the management will soon issue out sack letters to over 500 staff because of complains that the university was overstaffed. “We have been notified and anytime from now, the letters of disengagement will be distributed and this has been creating panic and tension in the university “, he said. It was also gathered that some lecturers, who circumvented academic process to earn their professorial titles and other positions, will be demoted. Debunking the allegation, the EKSU’s Public Relations Officer, Mr. Bode Olofinmuagun, said the management has no plan to sack or demote any worker. “There is no tension on campus over sack issue. I am on campus as I speak with you. The university is peaceful and I am not aware of any such plan”, he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.