There is disagreement between the Bauchi State Ministry for Local Government and the governing board of Malikiyya College of Health and social sciences, Bauchi over the non-payment of tuition fees of 1000 students sponsored by the ministry from the 20 local government areas of the state. State Commissioner of Local Government, Abdulrazak Nuhu Zaki alleged that they didn’t pay because the school is not fully accredited and they take their examinations outside the school, allegations the board has denied. Zaki said, “As a responsible government, we pledge to use the public resources judiciously. I have my two children in the college. We know the college is not accredited. How can we pay money to the body that is not accredited by the regulatory agencies?” He reiterated the commitment of the government to support genuine and fully registered institution for the development of the state. But the proprietor of Malikiyya College, Alhaji Aminu Mohammed, said the institution has been fully accredited by all the Federal government regulatory bodies. He said the bodies have accredited all the 13 courses that included Health Records Officers Registration Board of Nigeria, Associations of Medical and X-ray technicians of Nigeria, Community Health Practitioners Registration Board, Dental Therapies Registration Board of Nigeria and West African Health Examination Board and Medical Science Council of Nigeria. Alhaji Aminu who is the chairman, Bauchi State Committee on Public-Private Partnership on the establishment of health institutions in the state said the school was opened three years ago on the request of the state government in its effort to reduce the shortage of manpower in hospitals and health institutions in the state. He said presently the ministry has refused to pay the school fees of 1000 students sponsored by the government amounting to over 200 million Naira, because of political differences. We have sent these students back home but they went and sought the intervention of a respected Islamic Scholar who asked the board to allow the them to continue with their studies before he will see how he will intervene between the institution and the government. We listened to his plea and allowed the students. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.