The Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Saliu Akanmu Adetunji, on Wednesday commended journalists in Oyo State for the role they played during the recent crisis that broke out as a result of Ibadan Chieftaincy review, which pitched the monarch and his High Chiefs against each other. Oba Adetunji gave this commendation while receiving a team of journalists led by Mr. Ademola Babalola, who is contesting as Chairman in the December 18th Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Oyo State Council election. DAILY POST recalls that crisis erupted between the monarch and his High Chiefs when the immediate past Governor in the state, Mr. Abiola Ajimobi decided to review the 1957 Ibadan Chieftaincy Declaration.  Our correspondent gathered that some journalists including Ademola Babalola, who was then a correspondent with This Day Newspaper, Femi Atoyebi (Punch) and Jeremiah Oke (Daily Trust) who were in the palace to cover one of the palace assignments and some visitors to the palace including a former Secretary to Oyo state Government, Chief Sharafadeen Abiodun Alli, were attacked during one of the functions in the palace. But, the Olubadan, while commending the journalists for the roles they played while the crisis lasted, said the journalists in the state showed their objectivity in the reportage of the events, culminating in the recent truce brokered by a former governor of the state, Senator Rashidi Ladoja, in consonance with his Otun Olubadan, High Chief Lekan Balogun. Adetunji commended the media for their support for Ibadan chieftaincy system. The monarch said, “the media roles can never be forgotten in a hurry.  “Many of you showed loyalty to the preservation of Ibadan cultural norms and tradition, and by extension peace and development of this great city of Ibadan in carrying out your assignments while the crisis lasted,” Oba Adetunji added. According to him, “the palace will continue to support the media in the state and maintain the cordial relationship with progressive-minded individuals in the state. “Let me first and for all welcome you to the palace. I am happy that you didn’t underrate the power of the palace. You have done well. I also want to thank you for the love you have shown me and the palace during the time of crisis in the Olubadan chieftaincy crisis. “You upheld the ethics of your profession. You stood by the palace, and we appreciate it. As you are going on your campaign, may God continue to go with you,” the monarch prayed. Babalola while reacting, commended the monarch for his fatherly role in the ancient city. He said himself and his team were in the palace to receive royal blessing from the monarch, adding that he felt the “union should be salvaged and repositioned.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.