The Director-General, Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA), Dr Olufemi Oke-Osanyintolu,
Oke-Osanyintolu, on Tuesday, said two multi-storey buildings were gutted by fire at different locations in Lagos Island, destroying goods and property worth millions of naira. DAILY POST had reported that a five-storey buildings was gutted by fire at in Lagos Island on Tuesday. Speaking on the incident, Osanyintolu said “we received call earlier this morning that there is a fire incident that involves two multistorey buildings at Martins Street and Dosumu Street in Lagos. “Immediately we activated our emergency response plan and other stakeholders in managing emergency moved to the scene. “We are able to locate and localised the fire but the major challenge we are having is access to major source of the fire; secondly, we discovered that they stored highly inflammable materials in the building.” “The way the building is positioned is adjacent and interlocked to the centre area, but we make use of combined team method to localise the fire which spread from one shop to the other but we are trying to put it off now,” NAN quoted Oke-Osanyintolu as saying. He appealed to Lagos citizens, especially the traders at Lagos Island markets, not to panic as there was no casualty involved in the incident. He, however, pleaded with traders to stop putting generators and petrol inside their shops to avoid similar accidents in the area. Chief (Mrs) Folashade Ojo, Iyaloja of Lagos, who also visited the scene, called for regular public power supply to prevent indiscriminate use of generators causing fire outbreaks. Also speaking to newsmen, Director General, Lagos State Safety Commission, Mr Lanre Mojola, attributed crowd control as a major challenge at scenes of fire and other accidents. Mojola said that Lagos State emergency team and other stakeholders were working hard in ensuring that the fire did not affect any other building in the area. Olanrewaju Elegushi, Special Adviser to Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu on Lagos Central Business District, said the state would soon provide fire hydrants in the area to enable the servicemen have access to water. Elegushi sympathised with the affected traders and urged them to insure their property to enable them sustain their businessess. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.