A popular pastor in Akure, the Ondo State capital has been allegedly fingered in the disappearance of the son of one of his church members. Prophet Babatunde Alfa, who is the founder of the popular church known as ‘Sotitobire Miracle Centre’ which is located at Oshinle quarters area of Akure was accused by the parents of the missing child identified as Gold Kolawola, over the mysterious disappearance of their son from the church. It was gathered that one-year-old Gold has been missing for the past three days since Sunday Service on November 10, 2019 According to sources within the church, the boy who was at the children’s department of the church could not be found after Sunday’s service when his mother went to pick him. The mother of the boy, Mrs. Modupe Kolawole, a member of the Church while speaking over the development on Tuesday said that she suspected foul play over the mysterious disappearance of her son from the church. Mrs. Kolawole explained that the children’s department of the church where her son went missing is being mounted by 14 teachers, adding that some of the members of the church told her that they saw her son in the vehicle of the church’s founder, Prophet Babatunde Alfa. She further alleged that when the issue was raised with the Prophet, he showed no remorse as he did nothing to help in the search for her son. Mrs. Kolawola also explained that despite reporting the kidnap to the church authorities and the B Division Police station, Oke-Aro, as well as Anti-kidnapping office at Alagbaka, Akure, nobody had been arrested or interrogated by the police. She, however, called on relevant authorities to come to her rescue, as she cried out that Prophet Alfa has been using his connection to silence them as well as prevent security operatives from investigating the issue. “When it was 5 pm that day, they ended the service and they reported the matter to Pastor and he said I should not worry that they will see my son. “He even told me and my husband that we should go home and sleep that we should not make noise. Later I called my sister and I reported everything to her and she rushed down from Ondo town to Akure and we all started looking for him. “I personally went to Sotitobire and started begging him that the disappearance of my child occurred in your Church; he said we will see him but up till now, we have not found him. “As I am talking to you now, Alfa Babatunde, Sotitobire has not called me, nothing has been done to get my child back. I want my child. If I see my child I will end the case. I am begging everyone to help me find the child.” All efforts to speak to Prophet Alfa proved abortive as he did not pick calls as of the time of filing this report nor respond to text messages sent to his phone. Confirming the incident, the State Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Femi Joseph who said investigation had commenced into the matter, as he assured that detectives from the state command would rescue the toddler alive Joseph, however, explained that there was no formal report of the incident from any quarters, based on the understanding between the parent of the missing boy and the church leadership. The PPRO said the leadership of the Church reported the incident the following day when the father of the missing boy, Temitope Kolawole allegedly mobilized some thugs to the church and destroyed the church property and were about setting the church on fire when police were mobilized to the scene. He appealed to some of the aggrieved relatives of the victim who invaded the church not to take law into their hands, urging them to allow the security agents to carry out their investigation. “The boy will surely be rescued but I want to appeal to the parents of the missing boy and their relatives not to take law into their hands,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.