An Ikeja Magistrates’ Court, on Monday, ordered that a 22-year-old man, Johnson Alazi, who allegedly raped a 15-year-old girl, be remanded in a correctional centre, pending legal advice. NAN reports that the Chief Magistrate, Mrs G.O. Anifowoshe, who did not take the plea of the accused, ordered that he be remanded in Kirikiri, Lagos. Anifowoshe ordered the police to duplicate the case file to the Lagos State Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) for legal advice, and adjourned the case until Dec. 5 for mention. Alazi who resides at No. 8, Okosu St., Okokomaiko, Lagos, was arraigned on a charge of rape. The Prosecutor, Sgt. Felicia Okwori had told the court that the defendant committed the offence on Oct. 9 at Glorious Life Evangelical Church, Okokomaiko, Lagos. Okwori alleged that Alazi lured the victim to the back of the church at 2:00 a.m., rape her and she started bleeding and was rushed to the hospital by some members of the church. The girl’s mother reported the case at the police station and the defendant was arrested. Okwori said that the offence contravened the provisions of Section 260 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More