The Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations (UN), Amina Mohammed, has condemned the killing of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Women Leader, Salome Abuh by suspected thugs in Kogi State. Abu, a former councilor and Women Leader of the PDP was set ablaze on Nov. 18 in her husband’s house at Ochadamu, by hoodlums. DAILY POST had reported that President Muhammadu Buhari over the weekend called for a scrupulous investigation into the heinous murder of Madam Achejuh Abuh Buhari charged all security agencies involved in the investigation to do a thorough and expeditious job on the matter so that justice could be served without fear or favour. Reacting on Tuesday, Amina in a meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, in Abuja said, “Yesterday, we began the 16 days of activism for gender-based violence and I want to thank again the government. We were able to launch that together with the Minister of Women Affairs and then to go into an audience and, of course, the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs was also there with us. “I think this really just goes to show the centrality of the burden of gender-based violence on women. But the context of it is beyond just domestic. It is now happening in all forms across a conflict situation – with IDPs, with the humanitarian issue, but yesterday, I believe we got a very high profiling of exactly what that is. “We also commend the President’s condemnation of the loss of lives in Kogi State, particularly the woman that lost her life. I think this is a non-partisan issue. No person, and especially women, should have to lose their lives when seeking political office to make that safer for all to participate. It is credibly important,”the Sun quoted her as saying. Meanwhile, the Police Command in Kogi state has arrested six suspects in connection with the killing of one Mrs Salome Abu, at Ochadamu, Ofu Local Government Area (LGA) of the state, on Nov. 18. The spokesman for the command, DSP William Aya said that the suspects were brought in on Friday. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.