Nigerian singer, Cobhams Asuquo has prayed to God to vindicate, Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo. Cobhams who claimed to have harshly criticized the VP in the past urged Nigerians to pray for him. He said he had criticized him out of ignorance, adding that Osinbajo is a ‘honorable man, and more than qualified to hold a political office in Nigeria. He wrote on Instagram, “Today, I pray for our Vice President: May the Almighty God bless @profosinbajo May God uphold him, strengthen him and see him through the good and the bad. “May the Almighty God blind the forces of darkness that seek to tarnish his good name. I must admit that in the past, even I have judged him harshly, failing to remember the man I had looked up to for so many years as an aspiring lawyer and erroneously lumping him along with a corrupt political class. “I admit now that I did so in ignorance. His’ is one rare instance where the office is blessed with a honorable man, more than qualified to hold a political office in Nigeria. “The Lord God Almighty will fight for you and you will hold your peace. “The Lord God Almighty will vindicate you and deliver Nigeria from the clutches of any evil person or persons with an evil agenda. “Nigerians will prosper. We will stand together, united in love against the forces of darkness and division that have sought to tear us apart for so many years. “It is not a question of if we were ever meant to be; it is the fact that we now are and that we owe it to ourselves to rise above the powerful voices of disunity. “We also owe it to ourselves, in our most quiet moment, to pray for this man. God bless Nigeria.” See video below   Today, I pray for our Vice President: May the Almighty God bless @profosinbajo May God uphold him, strengthen him and see him through the good and the bad. May the Almighty God blind the forces of darkness that seek to tarnish his good name. I must admit that in the past, even I have judged him harshly, failing to remember the man I had looked up to for so many years as an aspiring lawyer and erroneously lumping him along with a corrupt political class. I admit now that I did so in ignorance. His’ is one rare instance where the office is blessed with a honorable man, more than qualified to hold a political office in Nigeria. The Lord God Almighty will fight for you and you will hold your peace. The Lord God Almighty will vindicate you and deliver Nigeria from the clutches of any evil person or persons with an evil agenda. Nigerians will prosper. We will stand together, united in love against the forces of darkness and division that have sought to tear us apart for so many years. It is not a question of if we were ever meant to be; it is the fact that we now are and that we owe it to ourselves to rise above the powerful voices of disunity. We also owe it to ourselves, in our most quiet moment, to pray for this man. God bless Nigeria. #GodBlessNigeria #Nigeria #Prayer #VicePresident #Patriot #Love #Honour #Truth #Greatness A post shared by  Cobhams Asuquo (@cobhamsasuquo) on Nov 9, 2019 at 6:32am PST  Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.