The Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association and National Committee of Yoruba Youths, have expressed worries over the sudden indictment of the Chairman of Air Peace, Allen Onyema in the United States, US, for fraud. The groups warned that they won’t fold their arms and allow the alleged persecution of the Air Peace Chairman. In a statement signed by Comrade Odeyemi Oladimeji and Engr. Saleh Alhassan the National Secretary, the groups lamented that Onyema’s sudden indictment portends international conspiracy to rubbish one of the few outstanding entrepreneurs in Africa. The statement reads: “The sudden purported indictment of Barr Allen Onyema who has been doing business for decades in the US, and for many years he has never been found wanting until now, raises fundamental questions about the bad timing and the growing suspicion of many Nigerians over the motive behind targeting our own distinguished Allen Onyeama. “Onyema has over the years built a reputation of integrity, a promoter of peace and a hard-working man, and cannot be allowed to be dragged in the mud by a western conspiracy.” The groups also said the airline boss has been impacting the continent with footprint of integrity as a Nigerian dedicated to the service of Nigeria and Nigerians in difficult situations at various points in time, using his hard-earned income and God-given wealth of wisdom. “As law-abiding citizens, we will not object to any process aimed at promoting transparency and accountability. Yet, we will not fold our arms akimbo and watch helplessly and hopelessly as one of our finest is being coerced and pulled down in broad daylight, without an iota of any subsisting clear evidence from a joint investigation between the US law enforcement agencies and Nigeria counterparts to determine the veracity of the claims before unleashing this dreadful move, deliberately aimed at tainting the image of Onyeama.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.