The Executive Secretary of the Universal Basic Education Commission, UBEC, HamidBobboyi, has highlighted some of the problems challenging the basic education data management in Nigeria. Bobboyi disclosed that poor record-keeping in schools, lack of commitment to data generation by SUBEBs, inaccessibility or difficulty in obtaining data from private schools among others. He pointed out these challenges during a meeting with states Commissioners for education, Chairmen of SUBEBS and National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools, NAPPS, in Abuja, over the weekend. Bobboyi said: “The challenges of Basic Education Data management in Nigeria are: Poorrecords keeping in schools, low commitment, politicization and falsification of data, lack of commitment to data generation by SUBEBs. “Inaccessibilityor Difficulty in obtaining data from private schools, Lack of budgetary provision for data generation – collection, validation, analysis and dissemination, low institutional and human capacity development. “Non-adaptation to modern trends in data generation, lack of training on modern data collection techniques, disarticulation of JSS from SSS – poor synergy, administrative misunderstanding.” On how to resolve the challenges, the UBEC boss said there was need to embrace the “UBE Commission’s current paradigm shift on data, serious commitment by education Managers and Administrators. First-line annual budget provision for data generation activities – data generation, analysis and reporting, leverage on and complement the effort of the UBE Commission in providing basic EMIS facilities such as computers, include EMIS development State Action to He added: “Consider the inclusion of Training of teachers on school records keeping as one of the Teacher Professional Development (TPD) training packages to build the capacity of teachers in schools and data managers at the State and Local Government levels. “Collaborate with COEs on the effective utilization and use of the ‘‘Training Manual on School Records Keeping for Pre and In-service Teachers’’ developed by UNICEF in collaboration with FME and UBEC for such training programmes “Seek for collaboration support from IDPs.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.