Sailors Lounge is undoubtedly the industry leader in hospitality in Lekki, Victorial Island and Lagos as a whole. It’s the ideal hot spot for birthdays, anniversaries, corporate team bonding, ladies night out and much more. Amongst the several Bars, Lounges and Restaurants in Lagos, Sailors is the best and the only we will recommend for the following reasons: 8. The Last Friday Storm: A storm is an understatement. This is the biggest event in Lekki phase 1; happens every Last Friday of the month. The best live band in Lagos (Cooliceband) entertains guests and literally take their breath away. Don’t miss out on the event this month and every other, that’s where everyone will be. 7. The Sunday Live band Cruise: Every Sunday, Sailors Lounge shuts down Lekki Phase 1 as the live band plays. People scramble for seats and even tend to come early to get good spots. The music is great, the sound is amazing and the customer service is usually exceptional. If you have never visited on a Sunday, please make it this time around. 6. The UnKnotYourTie Comedy Club: The most hilarious comedy club in Nigeria is hosted by ace comedian, Omobaba every Thursday from 7pm to 10pm. It’s the time corporates unwind from the week’s stress. They unknot their ties to laugh at several jokes. The weekly show has featured Alibaba, Gbenga Adeyinka, Tee A, Julius Agwu, Gordons, Akpororo, Princess, Kolo, Basketmouth, Buchi, Dee One, Odogwu, Pencil, Bow Joint, SLK and many others. 5. The Seafood Platter: This is the most sophisticated Seafood Platter ever at a very affordable price. It has Calamari, Croaker Fish, Lobsters, Crab, Prawns, Muscles, Fried and Jollof Rice. I’m certain you are already salivating. Just ensure that you enjoy this with a bottle of Champagne or chilled White wine. Also, it’s not a meal for 1 person, minimum of 2 persons. 4. The Sailors Grilled Catfish: Yes! Sailors Lounge has the best Grilled catfish in Victoria Island, Lekki and entire Lagos. Argue with this fact only if you have tasted it. If you haven’t, just keep calm and order one now 08092927825. If you’ve had a taste, leave a comment under this post. 3. The Drunken Sailor Cocktail: This is by far the best cocktail in Nigeria. Not just that, it will beat any internationally made cocktail. It’s very strong and comes with a bit of sweetness. Warning: Drink if you will not be driving afterwards; drink if you are not alone. 2. The Customer Service: It’s a no brainer that to be the best, you need to have the best customer service in Lagos. Well, for over 7 years, Sailors Lounge have stood out in this aspect – from the several courteous waitresses to the swift and timely service. It is second to none when compared to the restaurants in Lagos, Victoria island and Lekki combined. 1. The Ambiance: For those who have been to Sailors Lounge, below are some reasons we believe have endeared you over the years. a) The sunset at sailors…amazing. b) The wooden building concept – unmatched in Nigeria; still gives old customers a sense of awe. c) The rusty Sailors theme and that feeling of being on a ship. d) The sound of the water splashing against the rocky wall…gives that seashore atmosphere. e) The wooden deck being on water makes you want to spend more time and money of course. Lol. For those who have visited, what can you add? And for those who haven’t been to Sailors Lounge, visit and drop a comment. We’ll like to know your take on the highlighted points. For reservation and enquiries, contact Sailors Lounge via the following: Phone no: 08131093308 Twitter: @sailorslounge Instagram: @sailorslounge Facebook: www.facebook.com/sailorslounge Email: info@sailorsloungelekki.com Website: https://www.sailorsloungelekki.com/ PLEASE CHECK OUT IMAGES BELOW Sailors Lounge, Lagos Sailors Lounge, Lagos Sailors Lounge, Lagos Sailor Lounge, Lagos Sailors Lounge, Lagos Sailors Lounge, Lagos Sailors Lounge, Lagos Sailors Lounge, Lagos Sailors Lounge, Lagos Sailors Lounge, Lagos Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.