One Iniobong Okon Moses of Ikot Amupe Obio Offot, Uyo, Akwa Ibom State who allegedly defiled his two-year-old step daughter said he committed the act thinking that it was with his wife. Iniobong revealed this when he was paraded in the police command headquarters, Ikot-Akpanabia alongside other suspects allegedly involved in incest and rape. The Police Public Relations Officer in the State, SP Odiko Macdon, while briefing the press on Friday over the activities of sexual predators in the state said Iniobong forcefully defiled the two year old while carrying her on his laps. Macdon noted that the forceful penetration caused the victim to sustain serious injuries, which made her bled profusely, adding that the girl has been taken to an undisclosed hospital for treatment. The suspect in an interrogation by newsmen, confessed to the crime and narrated how he came back from a vigil, drunk, grabbed his two-year-old step daughter thinking that she was his wife and had carnal knowledge of her. He added that it was at the middle of the act that his wife nabbed him as she suddenly entered inside the house adding that the wife thereafter reported him to FEYrep- Family Empowerment Youths reorientation programme, a pet project of the wife of the governor, Dr. Mrs Martha Emmanuel. The suspect said, “I no know wetin come over me, that night as I come back from vigil, I took ogogoro, and I no know wetin I dey do. I carry my wife daughter which she get from another marriage and I think say na my wife, I come dey do am.” He continued, “As I come dey do am, my wife enter from no where, catch me red-handed, come carry me report give FEYrep. I don beg am, but e no gree! even though e no say e born pikin for me three months ago.” Also, the command paraded one Anwanga Essien Udo aged 33 residing at No. 7 Itiam street in Uyo, for defiling his 10 year old step daughter when she was left alone with him. It was gathered that the suspect who is a pastor with the Restoration Bible Church, Uyo had deceived the mother of the victim to abandon her husband and live with him (pastor). The 10-year-old victim, who spoke with our correspondent said, “that night, the uncle said he would rub me and my sister cream after taking our bath, when he finished with my sister who is six, he forced her to sleep and when he finished rubbing me cream, I wanted to go and lie down with my sister but he refused and said I must sleep in his room. “I watched him undressed, started touching me all over, I was crying, begging him, but he didn’t listen, he finally did it. My sister later woke up, and started crying too. The uncle flogged her for crying and was telling neighbors that she flogged us because we pee on the bed. When i went to my grandmother’s place, i told her everything that happened.” The grandmother to the victim, however, alerted FEYrep and got the suspect arrested. Meanwhile, the police command said it had declared war against sexual predators and other vices in the state and warned perpetrators to desist or face the wrath of the law. Police also urged parents to report any form of sexual harassment noticed on their children to police or any law enforcement agency. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.