T. Pumpy Concept, developers of T. Pumpy Estates is set to break a new ground with the unveiling of its state-of-the-art multi-million naira corporate head office in the heart of the nation’s capital, Abuja. The feat is coming barely two months after giving out a Honda CrossTour in its just-concluded Connect or Buy and Win Promo. According to Mr Akintayo Adaralegbe, Managing Director of T. Pumpy Concept, a top estate developer in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, the reason for moving its corporate office into the city centre is to make it accessible for intending customers and enquirers.  The office, which is located at No. 12, Monronvia Street, Off Aminu Kano Crescent, Wuse II district, Abuja, would be unveiled on Monday, Nov. 18, 2019. The CEO, Adaralegbe, while conducting newsmen round the office furnished with contemporary marvel-inspired pieces, said the office at House 37, 1(F) Road, beside RCCG Resurrection Parish, FHA Lugbe, will remain open to client and subscribers as a annex.  He said the ongoing Abuja for All is still on and open to everyone within and outside the FCT. The Abuja for All campaign is aimed at making lands affordable and accessible to all Nigerians who wish to own a property in the nation’s capital irrespective of class or status. The promo would afford interested subscribers opportunity to move to site after making 50% down payment and can spread the balance in six months by instalments.  The promo comes in three different categories viz. Platinum, Gold and Silver. The silver package, which goes for N1.7m and 400SQm allows owner to build 4/5 bedroom duplex, 4 bedroom penthouse and three bedroom bungalow. Gold, which is 5000SQM and goes for N2m equally allows owner to build 4/5 bedroom duplex, 4 bedroom penthouse and three bedroom bungalow. The Platinum package, which is 600SQM at the rate of N2.3m also allows owner to build 4/5 bedroom duplex, 4 bedroom penthouse and three bedroom bungalow.  Note that all packages come with outright payment or six months payment plan,” he added. The T-Pumpy Concept team has decades of providing industry-acclaimed off-site home design and construction. Whether you’re interested in a manufactured home or an innovative modular design, the T-Pumpy Concept team continues to deliver what home buyers are looking for in their new homes along with the quality construction they expect and deserve.  Follow us on our social media platforms. Insagram: T.pumpy_estates Facebook: Tpumpy Estates YouTube : T.pumpy Estates Website: http://tpumpyconcept.com WhatsApp/call: 09054545468 or 09023333380 Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.