The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Kogi State chapter, has urged the people of the state to pray fervently for the peaceful conduct of the Nov. 16 elections for the interest of all, saying election is not war. Dr. John Ibenu, the state chairman of the association, made the call at the CAN Second Plenary Session, held at Chapel of Freedom Int’l, Lokoja, on Thursday. Ibenu enjoined the people, especially Christians, to pray fervently for peaceful, free, fair and credible polls, NAN reports. He urged all political parties and their followers to conduct themselves with the fear of God, knowing that God would bring all their actions to judgment. ”We request all Christians and indeed Kogites to get their PVCs ready and come out in large numbers to exercise their franchise for the parties of their choice. ”We demand that INEC and security agencies should carry out their duties without fear or favor and to ensure neutrality, protection of votes, lives, and property so as to make sure that every vote counts. ”We plead with all Kogites to conduct themselves in the most civil way by respecting one another and assisting INEC, electoral officers and security agencies to carry out their duties without interference. ”We advise that people should not take laws into their hands if there are infractions but to report to the appropriate authorities. ”CAN is a responsible spiritual and mature organisation which is working to get the best for the Christians and the people at large. ”All our members should be law abiding at all times. CAN is here for the interest of all Kogites.,” the chairman said. He appealed that nobody should molest or attack any electoral officers whether they were INEC, youths cops members or Ad-hoc staff, saying, ”please election is not war”. He further urged all gladiators to remember that only one person would always win in an election, urging the winners to be magnanimous in victory and the losers should accept their fate gallantly and pray for the next chance. Ibenu, however, reiterated that CAN members should vote for those who believe in their values, identify with their belief; improve peoples’ lives, protect, defend and advance the course of Christians and freedom of worship. The chairman noted that CAN at national level remained committed to the welfare of Christians’ call for justice, equity, fairness and wholistic unbiased fight against corruption and insecurity. The bishop prayed that the peace of the Lord would be upon Kogi and Nigeria. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the second Plenary was a meeting of all the five blocks of CAN which include: CPFN/PFN, OAIC, CCN, ECWA/TEKAN and CSN. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.