The Vice Chancellor of the Akwa Ibom State University, Prof. Eno Ibanga, said about eight lecturers of the university have lost their appointments with the institution from 2015 to 2019 due to established cases of sexual molestations and extortions against some students in the institution. The Vice Chancellor disclosed this on Tuesday at the university’s main campus Ikot Akpaden in Mkpa Enin local government area of the state during a pre-convocation press briefing to mark the 4th and 5th combined convocation of the institution. Prof Ibanga, who said his administration has zero tolerance to sex-for-marks, sorting, extortion and cultism, stated that some of the cases were in court, adding that 10 students involved in cultism recently were also caught by the management of the institution. He said, “The students who were caught at the junction of the main campus with a mini coffin, red clothe and axes where on their way to an initiation ceremony.” He noted that the university is doing its best to instill sanity among lecturers and students, adding that such cases were thoroughly investigated by the management before disciplinary measures are carried out. According to him, “The appointment of 8 lecturers have been terminated by the university, bordering on sexual harassment and extortion. “As we speak, a notorious one is on ground and the person will not go scout free. “Some of the cases are still in court. I swore to run an institution that can stand the test of time. We are doing our best to bring sanity to the institution.” On the Convocation ceremony of the institution, Prof. Ibanga said 2,000 graduands would be conferred with the award of degrees, noting that 41 out of the number would receive first class degree award/honor. Breaking down the number of graduands of each academic year, the Vice Chancellor said a total of 920 graduands made up the 2016/2017 while 1,080 graduands for the 2017/2018. He noted that the two best graduating students of 2016/2017 and 2017/2018 academic years respectively, Utibe Okon and Effiong Odokwo were given automatic employment in the university. He further noted that the university will award an honorary degree of Doctor of Letters to the President of the Supreme Council of Ibibio Traditional Rulers and Chairman of the Akwa Ibom Council of Chiefs, His eminence, Nteyin Solomon Etuk, the Oku Ibom Ibibio. He revealed that the convocation will be the first under His eminence, Nteyin Solomon Etuk, recently installed as the Chancellor, and Engr. Samuel Inyang, Chairman of Seyang Group of Companies as the Pro-Chancellor. The Vice Chancellor, who explained that 38 out of 39 programmes in the institution have gotten full accreditation said the institution was trying to maintain a stable system to make the University competitive, adding that it has moved from adjunct staffing to recruiting permanent staff members. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.