The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Wednesday arraigned Alhaji Yusha’u Mohammed Kebbe over alleged conspiracy and criminal breach of trust involving multi-million sums of money. Kebbe was arraigned before Justice Darius Khobo of the Kaduna State High Court, Kaduna. The anti-graft spokesman, Wilson Uwujaren disclosed this in a statement in Abuja. He further explained, “The complainant alleged that in 2006 while he was in Sudan for a United Nations military operations, the defendant who is his childhood friend convinced him to invest in some projects that he is handling, for which he transferred the sum of N80,000,000 (Eight Million Naira) in local currency to him and $156,200,000 (One Hundred and Fifty-six Million, Two Hundred Thousand Dollars) for investment, safekeeping and settlement of personal commitments on his behalf. “The complainant through enquiries later found out that the defendant diverted all the monies for his personal use while all the efforts to recover them have proved abortive till date”. Count one of the charges reads: “That you, Yusha’u Mohammed Ahmed on or about the 16th day of January, 2017 at Kaduna, within the jurisdiction of the high court of Kaduna, being entrusted with certain property to wit; the sum of $156,200, 000 (One Hundred and Fifty-six Million, Two Hundred Thousand Dollars United States Dollar) only, belonging to Major General K. A, and thereby committed criminal breach of trust; an offence contrary to Section 311 of the Penal Code Law Cap. 89 Laws of Northern Nigeria 1963 and punishable under Section 312 of the same Law.” But the accused reportedly pleaded not guilty to all the charges. It was on this basis that the prosecution team, led by D. Ademu-Eteh urged the court for a trial date and for the defendant to be remanded in prison custody. However, the defence counsel Y.A. Abass disagreed on the prayer of the prosecution and urged the court to grant him bail. In his ruling, the trial judge remanded Kebbe in prison custody and adjourned the case to November 28, for hearing and ruling on the bail application. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.