A Catholic Church in Nnewi, Nnewi North Local Government Area of Anambra State, St Peter Claver Catholic Parish has been gutted by fire. DAILY POST reports that a resident priest who lives in the church’s parish house was lost his life to the fire which started at about 4am today. The state police command’s Public Relations Officer, SP Haruna Mohammed confirmed this, saying, “Today 16/11/19 at about 04:00am, there was a fire outbreak at St.Peter Claver Catholic Parish Nnewi ichi in Nnewi North LGA of Anambra State.” He said, “The inferno whose cause is yet to be ascertained affected part of the Church’s residential building. As a result the parish priest one Rev Fr.Edmond Nwagbala ‘m’ aged about 60yrs was burnt beyond recognition inside his room at same premises. “Police patrol teams attached to Otolo Division led by the DPO visited the scene and Fire Service department was equally alerted, they responded promptly and put off the fire before it escalates. “Meanwhile, the victim was rushed to the hospital for medical attention but certified dead on arrival by the medical doctor and corpse deposited at the mortuary for postmortem examination.” Haruna said the Commissioner of Police CP John B.Abang has ordered for a discreet investigation to ascertain circumstances surrounding the incident. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More