Suspected political thugs alleged to be working for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Sunday, launched an attack on the state secretariat of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in Lokoja. It was gathered that windows and doors of the Secretariat were shattered, while banners, posters and other campaign materials at the Secretariat were destroyed and replaced with the posters of the candidate of APC, governor Yahaya Bello. The party had earlier alleged that there is an ongoing plan by the ruling party to attack the convoy of the SDP candidate, Barr Natasha Akpoti and assassinate her, adding that the unfolding event has affirmed the allegation.  The SDP governorship candidate Barr Natasha Akpoti condemned the attack on Sunday. She wrote on her Facebook page: “Dear Yahaya Bello, “Upon hearing about my coming into Kogi state for campaign, you sent APC thugs to vandalize SDP office in Lokoja; destroy by billboard, tear posters and post yours around our office. May I remind you that; “Although you are the APC’s gubernatorial candidate, you are still the chief executive officer of Kogi state and the constitutional oath you swore, it’s your responsibility to ensure safety of lives and properties. “You can destroy my posters but you can’t wipe away my image in the minds of our people. “You are misrepresenting the image of APC national and their nationwide followers. In the spirit of democracy, we come in peace.”  Speaking further on the attack, the spokesperson to Natasha/Khalid campaign organization, Mr. Joel Odaudu Minister said it was unfortunate that Kogi APC had resorted to violence and gestapo style to win at all costs. “APC is already destroying SDP campaign materials in Lokoja and the SDP state Secretariat in Lokoja has been attacked by APC thugs. All these are indications to prove their planned attacks”, he said. Odaudu called on the APC to play politics according to democratic tenets, advising the public not to be intimidated by the violent approach of APC, adding that a vote for Natasha Akpoti will end the reign of terror in Kogi State. Efforts to speak with the spokesperson of the All Progressive Congress, APC, proved abortive as of the time of filing report. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.