Three persons were on Thursday arraigned before an Abakaliki Magistrate Court for allegedly stealing two goats and fish. The suspects, Mbam Oliver ‘M’ Mbam Igbogu ‘M’ and Chukwuemeka Nwovu ‘M’ were arraigned on a four count charges bothering on stealing, burglary, felony and conspiracy. Investigation revealed that the accused persons allegedly committed the offences on November 3, 2019, at Igidiagbo Okpotumo community, in the Abakaliki Local Government Area of the state. They were accused of breaking into the house of one Mr Godwin Nwogboga, and stole his two goats. It was also alleged that they also burgled into the house of one Mrs Cecilia Nwaji, whom they robbed of her fish. The Police Prosecutor, Barr Eze Ndubuaku, told the court that the offense was punishable under sections 516A (a), 411 (a) and 390 Criminal Code, Cap. 33 Vol. 1, Laws of Ebonyi State of Nigeria, 2009. The charge read in part, “That you Mbam Oliver ‘m’, Mbam Igbogu ‘m’ and Chukwuemeka Nwovu ‘m’ on the 3rd day of November, 2019 at Igidiagbo Okpotumo, Abakaliki in the Abakaliki Magisterial District did conspire among yourselves to commit felony to wit: Burglary and stealing and thereby committed an offense punishable under section 516A (a) of the Criminal Code Cap. 33, Vol. 1, Laws of Ebonyi State of Nigeria, 2009. “That you Mbam Oliver ‘m’, Mbam Igbogu ‘m’ and Chukwuemeka Nwovu ‘m’ on the 3rd day of November, 2019, at Igidiagbo Okpotumo, Abakaliki in the Abakaliki Magisterial District did break and enter into the dwelling house of one Cecilia Nwaji ‘f’ and Godwin Nwogboga ‘m’ by night time with intent to commit felony therein and thereby committed an offense punishable under section 411(a) of the Criminal Code Cap. 33, Vol. 1, Laws of Ebonyi State of Nigeria, 2009. “That you Mbam Oliver ‘m’, Mbam Igbogu ‘m’ and Chukwuemeka Nwovu ‘m’ on the same day, time and place in the aforesaid Magisterial District did steal two goats valued Sixty Five Thousand Naira (N65,000.00) and fish valued Fifteen Thousand Naira (15,000.00), properties of one Godwin Nwogboga ‘m’ and Cecilia Nwaji ‘f’ and thereby committed an offense punishable under section 390 of the Criminal Code Cap. 33, Vol. 1, Laws of Ebonyi State of Nigeria, 2009.” The accused persons were not granted bail, as the Chief Magistrate, Nnenna Onuoha said the offense, having been committed at the night time, made it difficult for the court to exercise its discretion, vis-a-vis to grant bail to the accused. She directed that the accused persons be remanded at Nigerian Correctional Centre, Abakaliki and their case file and other inventory be transferred to the Director of Public Prosecutions in the state for vetting and further advice. However, the case was adjourned till January 6, 2020, for mention. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.