Four police officers, including a female, are being investigated for allegedly seeking illegal extradition of a Nigerian based in the United Kingdom (UK). A reliable source from the Inspector-General Police (I-G) X-Squad, a unit that investigates wrongdoings of police personnel, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday that the I-G directed the investigation. The source, who pleaded anonymity, told NAN that the investigation followed a petition by one Mr Bankole Ogunnowo, who claimed that the four officers illegally sought his extradition from the UK to Nigeria over a family matter. “We just received a letter directing X-Squad Section to handle the officers’ case. “Signals have just been sent across to the officers to interview the compol X-Squad (physical appearance for interrogation by the commissioner of police X-Squad). “The interview will enable us to obtain statements from them too. “The complainant’s lawyer has been invited by the unit for the matter,’’ the source told NAN. NAN reports that apart from the X-Squad’s investigation, the Nigeria Police Force Complaints Unit, which also received a petition from Ogunnowo. The Head of the unit, ACP Markus Ishaka Basiran, said that the force would not condone any wrongdoing. “The unit took actions as soon as we got Bankole’s complain,’’ he said. However, when contacted, the Force Spokesman, DCP Frank Mba said, “I have no information on such an investigation; therefore, I can’t confirm it.” Mba had earlier told NAN that the Nigeria Police Force did not have any record of extradition requests against the petitioner. He said that for anyone to be extradited, security agencies from the two countries affected must be involved in the investigation of the alleged crime. According to him, marital issues would not attract extradition except if serious crimes such as murder and fraud were involved. NAN reports that Ogunnowo had claimed that the four police officers had unlawfully requested for his extradition from the UK over his conflict with his ex-wife. “On Oct. 21, 2019, a UK court delivered its verdict, denying the extradition request, as all allegations against me were found to be false,’’ he said. He said that the extradition request was defective and did not follow due process, urging the I-G to bring to book those allegedly involved. “I believe the I-G will fish out those who conspired to send the extradition request to the UK without following due process. “The same officers have been extorting money from me,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.