No fewer than three kids were trapped to death and two others injured at the weekend, following the collapse of a building in Akaeze community, Ivo Local Government Area of Ebonyi State. The names of the victims were given as Mmesoma, 11, Onyinyechi, 5, and John, 3. The victims belong to one family whose name was given as Sunday Okereke.
DAILY POST gathered that before the collapsed of the building, Okereke’s wife, Elizabeth had expressed fear over the physical condition of the house. It was gathered that the wife had pleaded with her husband to work towards relocating the family immediately before the unfortunate incident. A family source told newsmen that “the bereaved family could not afford money to make alternative arrangements for relocation as a result of hardship,.” The deceased were removed from the building by neighbors and have been buried while their mother and her only surviving son were still receiving treatment in an undisclosed hospital as at the time of this report. When contacted, the state Police Public Relations Officer, Loveth Odah, a Deputy Superintendent of Police, said the matter has not been reported to her office and promised to give details when the matter gets to her office. “I called the DPO of Akaeze Development Centre and he said he will text me the details but he has not, I am still waiting for his text,”
she said. But, the Coordinator of Akaeze Development Centre, Onyebuchi Ogbadu, confirmed the incident. ”When I received the information, I rushed to the place and saw that three kids were dead instantly while the surviving mother and one of the children were rushed to the hospital. It was very critical. The incident happened on Friday night,” he stated. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More