Presiding Bishop, Sword of the Spirit Ministries, Bishop Francis Wale Oke on Sunday declared that Nigerians do not want laws like the proposed Hate speech law from the government of the day. He described such law with a punishment of death penalty as an attempt by the government to silence opposition and freedom of expression. Oke spoke during the thanksgiving service to mark the annual press week of the National Association of Women Journalist (NAWOJ), Oyo state council. DAILY POST recalls that a bill which seeks the death penalty for anyone found guilty of engaging in hate speech was recently reintroduced in the National Assembly. But, Oke while reacting maintained that Nigeria does not need such draconian law which he said is best seen as a means of stifling the voice of opposition and freedom of expression in the country. Commending journalists for the efforts and fight at enthroning democracy and good governance in the country, Oke assured that the Nigerian church will join the media practitioners in the fight against corruption, nepotism and in defence of the nations democracy. He said, “The issue of hate speech is an error from the National Assembly and we don’t want such draconian laws from our government. “Such law with a punishment of death penalty is best seen as an attempt by the government to silence opposition and freedom of expression. “The recent judgement of the court of appeal on the governorship election is neither here nor there. Even the lawyers are complaining as both parties are claiming victory at the court. “The forces are only waiting for something sinister or negative to happen at the Supreme Court. So, God said we should call for prayers for peace in the state. I am not for PDP. I am not for APC. But I am for God and I am for good governance in the state. “I have told Governor Seyi Makinde that if he fails to do what is right for the people, we will pray him out like others.I have told him that what I need from him is good governance and he is trying his best. I have assured him that I will hold him by his collar to make sure he delivered to the people of Oyo state. “When I heard that a commissioner driver and orderly dies from an attack, I told myself we don’t want that era again in Oyo state. There is no political position that is worth any man’s blood. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.