The House of Representatives has urged the Federal Government to honour the Heroic act of late Dr Stella Adadevoh who died while preventing the spread of the Ebola virus in 2014. Dr. Adadevoh and other staff of First Consultants Medical Centre helped to prevent Dr. Patrick Sawyer, a Liberian-American diplomat who entered Nigeria while carrying the deadly disease from spreading the virus. Sayer was quarantined by Dr. Adadevoh but she paid the ultimate price. The decision to name a prominent medical institution in Lagos after Dr. Adadevoh followed a motion moved by Kayode Akinolu on Tuesday during plenary. Akinolu in his motion noted that the action of Dr. Adadevoh saved the country from calamity which the Nigerian health care sector was not prepared for, and urged the House to appreciate the late medical bravery in the face of threat by the Liberian Government against her. He noted that, “the Nigerian Health Sector was not fully prepared for the Ebola Virus, hence Dr. Adadevoh and members of her medical team had to make do with the resources available to them and in the process, were exposed to and eventually died from the virus. He added that, “we need to appreciate Dr. Adadevoh’s bravery and professionalism which saved Nigeria from a devastating impact of an uncontrolled outbreak of the Ebola Virus and thus prompted the Government, good-spirited individuals and organizations, and the international community to deploy resources to curb the outbreak of Ebola virus.” Also speaking on the motion, Emmanuel Ogbene from Lagos state said that honouring the late Doctor will encourage Nigerians to make sacrifice in the interest of Nigerians. “The O’Hara Airport in Chicago was named after a man (Edward O’Hara) who put his life on the line to stop the Japanese attack, this is the same case with Adadevoh, she knew she was going to die, but she still laid down her life to ensure that all of us can live, if she had let him leave, the whole thing would have damaged us, this is a woman to emulate,” Oghene said. Also speaking on the motion, Babajide Obanikoro noted that the Hospital where Dr. Sawyer was admitted just came cliques away from his house, noteing that the action of Dr. Stella saved him. The House after several contributions resolved as follows: “Observe a minute silence in memory of Dr. Stella Ameyo Adadevoh, her medical team and all Nigerians who died from the Ebola virus. “Urged the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to recognize the heroic acts of patriotism of Dr. Stella Ameyo Adadevoh and her medical team and confer a befitting Posthumous National Honour on her. “Also urged the Federal Ministry of Health to assess and certify Nigeria’s emergency preparedness against unexpected epidemics. “Called on the Federal Ministry of Education and other related authorities to ensure the inclusion of the heroic deeds of Dr. Adadevoh and other such national heroes in the country’s civic education curricula to build spirit of patriotism and nationalism in the young ones. “Further urged the Federal Government to recognise and provide every support necessary for Ebola virus survivors and the families of Ebola victims and mandate the committee on health care services to ensure compliance.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.