The leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Bayelsa State, has faulted the last week appointment of thirty-two Permanent Secretaries into the state civil service, and others to Ministries and Departments in the state. According to the APC, though the party is not averse to such appointments, especially if they are in tandem with civil service rules and regulations, the appointments are in bad taste just as the motive is clearly political and an effort to put the incoming government on a bad light by ensuring that we are financially strangulated. The APC, through its State Secretary, Comrade Alabo Martins, in a statement issued in Yenagoa, at the weekend, expressed concern over the alleged clandestine indiscriminate employment going on across various MDAs without recourse to due process. According to the APC, ”While we are not averse to such appointments, especially if they are in tandem with civil service rules and regulations, we wish to express our reservation with regard to the timing as the appointments are made less than three months to the expiration of the present administration, immediately after elections. ‘We are aware of the recent government special announcement regarding the appointment of thirty two permanent secretaries in the state civil service. We are also aware that there are several clandestine indiscriminate employment going on across various MDAs without recourse to due process. ‘If the outgoing administration was aware of the existence of these vacancies in the top echelon of the public service of the state and that the situation was creating a lull in the service, why were the vacancies left unfilled until the eventide of the administration. “No doubt, the appointments are in bad taste just as the motive is clearly political and an effort to put the popular in coming government on a bad light by ensuring that we are financially stransgulated. ”We appreciate the fact that until February 14, 2020, the present administration has the constitutional powers to hire and fire but this responsibility should be carried out in the best interest of the state and its people. We must say that the present scenario is just for the satisfaction of some political interests and therefore falls far short of the wider interests of the state. ”We advise the Government to concentrate on completing uncompleted projects,such as the 8year old Isaac Boro express way. We also call on bayelsans to hold the restoration government response in the future if some of these decisions are reviewed for the betterment of bayelsa. ”We are aware that employment is a means of empowering citizens of the state, mostly the youths. It curtails restiveness and other social vices in the state.However, the employment of the restoration government does not follow acceptable procedures, apart from the Forest Officers and few others’. ”The government did not lift embargo on employment until January this year when one thousand graduates were employed. But, pockets of employment were carried out from time to time with names directly forwarded by His Excellency the outgoing governor. ”The employment is supposed to be on geographical spread, to the 8 local governments. But, it seems to be one sided. Some local governments are having more slots than others. Some communities are having more slots than others. In some cases, a whole family was considered. “The rules and procedures do not allow applicants to apply for employment directly to the Governor. But, this is practice in the state. ”Integration of officers from the plastic industry was haphazardly done. It created avenue for irregularities in the system which allows illegal employments into the civil service. This created irregular transfer of officers from one organisation or establishments to another under the governor’s directives. The officers are moved without promotions and were stagnated on grade level for example environmental sanitation authority staff moved to SUBEB, and from SUBEB to civil service. Then from SSSB/Radio Bayelsa etc to the international institute of tourism and hospitality and to the civil service. ”Transfering officers to MDAS without considering the promotion prospects and headship of department by deserving or serving officers. No vacancy is sort in the relevant grade and cadre before the transfer is effected. No proper applications and routing of letters by applicants before transfers are effected for some officers. ”Transfers are done with recommendations from politicians, traditional rulers and other highly placed personalities. We, therefore, advise the state government to do the right thing for the sake of posterity.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.