The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Thursday mocked the All Progressives Congress (APC) over the disqualification of its candidate, David Lyon and his running mate in the Saturday’s governorship election in Bayelsa State by two courts of competent jurisdiction. The party said the development was victory for democracy and the fact that manipulators cannot continue to have their way in Nigeria’s electoral process. In a statement by its spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan, PDP charged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to immediately “delist the APC from the ballot as any vote cast for that party would be a wasted vote, since the court judgments has made it clear that the APC is not in the election.” The PDP invited INEC to note that no fewer than two decisions of courts of competent jurisdiction have negated the participation of the APC in the race. The statement reads: “The first was the judgment disqualifying the APC candidates over the
presentation of false documents by the deputy governorship candidate, Biobarakuma Degi Eremienyo, which was followed by another judgment, nullifying the entirety of the APC primary that produced the candidates. “It is, therefore, trite law that given the circumstances that have entangled the candidature of the APC, the party, accordingly, has no place in the November 16 governorship election and cannot lay claim to any vote. “Notwithstanding the disqualification, the PDP calls on the Police and the military to immediately invite David Lyon and other APC leaders for questioning over the recent gruesome attack and killing of PDP supporters by APC thugs in Nembe.” The party condemned the attack by “APC agents as cowardly and a clear case of crime against humanity, which must not be politicized under any guise.” “Information available to the PDP shows that the attackers were known supporters of the APC, who have also been seen on several occasions in functions with APC leaders including the disqualified candidates. “Our party therefore stands in vehement rejection of any attempt to politicize the attack, insisting that the masterminds, facilitators and executors must be swiftly brought to book on the full terms prescribed by our criminal laws,” the statement added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.