Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. There was mild drama on Wednesday at the headquarters of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, as sacked Senator representing Kogi West Senatorial District, Dino Melaye was denied access into the premises of the Commission. Melaye, in the company of some journalists, was refused entry into the commission’s premise, where he had gone to submit more petitions. 2. Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State on Wednesday presented a budget proposal of two hundred and eight billion, eight hundred and two million, nine hundred and seventy two thousand, eight hundred and seventy eight naira (208,802,972,878.00) as the estimated budget proposal for the 2020 to the Oyo State House of Assembly for approval. Makinde, who arrived the Assembly complex in Ibadan, the state capital around 11.00am, in company of his Deputy, Mr. Rauf Olaniyan, members of the state executive council, traditional rulers and members of the Peoples Democratic Party in the state, maintained that everyone in the state both old and young would be proud of his first budget. 3. The Chairman of Air Peace, Allen Onyema, has dissociated himself from a suit against President Muhammadu Buhari government by an activist, Johnmary Jideobi, over his indictment in the United States. In a statement on Wednesday, Onyema’s lawyers, A.O Alegeh & Co., said their client had no hand in the suit. 4. The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) says there is no going back on its refusal to be included in the Federal Government’s Integrated Payroll and Personnel Information System (IPPIS). Prof. Biodun Ogunyemi, National President of the union, told newsmen on Wednesday in Lagos that there is nowhere in the world where such a development obtained. 5. The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has accused the Rector of the Federal Polytechnic, Offa, Kwara State, Dr Lateef Olatunji, of bringing untoward hardship upon the students of the institution by increasing tuition and introducing some ‘illegal’ fees. According to NANS, the tuition used to be N15,000 for returning students and N18,000 for freshers. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed shock and sadness over the death of 13 French soldiers in Mali on Tuesday. Buhari in a statement signed by his Senior Special Assistant on Media & Publicity, Garba Shehu and forwarded to DAILY POST said: “I am deeply saddened by the news of this helicopter accident that claimed the lives of 13 French soldiers during an operation against the terrorists in the country.” 7. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, on Wednesday dismissed claims that it has dropped all corruption charges against former Minister of Petroleum, Diezani Alison-Madueke. EFCC stated that the embattled former Minister still has cases to answer, with regards to money laundering. 8. Troops of 121 Battalion deployed at Pulka in Gwoza LGA of Borno State in conjunction with elements of Civilian Joint Task Force (CJTF) yesterday conducted a fighting patrol along the Mararaba Junction – Kirawa road in the same LGA, killing 3 Boko Haram criminals’ logistics couriers while others escaped into the forest. A statement from Colonel Aminu Iliyasu, Nigerian Army Operations Media Coordinator on Wednesday said, items captured in the aftermath of the encounter include 81 rounds of 7.62mm Special ammunition, food items and 7 bicycles belonging to the criminals. 9. The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, on Wednesday warned President Muhammadu Buhari and the Department of State Services, DSS, that failure to obey court orders may lead to the collapse of the judiciary in Nigeria. HURIWA urged the National Judicial Council, NJC, Nigerian Bar Association, NBA, and the International Bar Association, IBA, to collectively adopt constructive steps in protest against the pattern of “serial disrespect of court orders by Buhari and the State Security Service (SSS), or the Nigerian Judiciary may collapse anytime soon as litigants may think of opting for self-help measures which may unleash chaos and anarchy on a grand scale.” 10. The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, on Wednesday warned that President Muhammadu Buhari and the Department of State Services, DSS, failure to obey court orders may lead to the collapse of the judiciary in Nigeria. HURIWA urged the National Judicial Council, NJC, Nigerian Bar Association, NBA, and the International Bar Association, IBA, to collectively adopt constructive steps in protest against the pattern of “serial disrespect of court orders by Buhari and the State Security Service (SSS), or the Nigerian Judiciary may collapse anytime soon as litigants may think of opting for self-help measures which may unleash chaos and anarchy on a grand scale.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.