Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Prince Uche Secondus has charged Nigerian Muslims to pray for Allah to touch the hearts of leaders in the country to be sensitive to the deteriorating plight of the poor. Prince Secondus said in a Sallah message to Nigerians that the worsening condition of Nigerians calls for an intense prayer to God for the much-needed succour, as under the current Buhari government, Nigerians should depend entirely on God for survival. 2. Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sued President Muhammadu Buhari, Senate President, Ahmed Lawan, and Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila over the failure to account for security votes since 1999. The suit number FHC/ABJ/CS/1369/2019 filed last Friday at the Federal High Court, Abuja is seeking leave to apply for judicial review and an order of mandamus to direct and compel Buhari, Ahmed Lawan, and Femi Gbajabiamila to disclose details of allocations, disbursement and spending of security votes by the Federal Government, 36 state governors and 774 local governments between 1999 and 2019. 3. The Christian Association of Nigeria has described as troubling, the news concerning Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, which is claiming that the Vice President is being relegated by the ‘’power that be’’ in the Villa. Special Assistant on Media and Communications to CAN President, Rev. Adebayo Oladeji, said Osinbajo, had not told CAN about any rift between himself and the President, but was quick to say that, there would be no smoke without fire. 4. Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has issued new conditions to the Nigerian government before he can have a dialogue over the agitation for Biafra. Kanu, in a statement signed by IPOB’s Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, said he was ready if the federal government will consider a referendum on self-determination for the Biafran people. He also insisted that the meeting should take place at a neutral venue and be organized by the United Nations. 5. Elder statesman, Chief Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu. has told President Muhammadu Buhari that Igbos do not hate him as erroneously held by a section of Nigeria. The billionaire politician added that the Igbos only want to be treated as integral part of the country. Iwuanyanwu stated this at the weekend during a courtesy visit by the Emir of Bichi, Kano State, Aminu Ado Bayero to his house in Owerri, the Imo State capital. He said that Ndigbo does not hate the president and also holds nothing against him. 6. Five suspects, including a staff of Usmanu Danfodio University Teaching Hospital Sokoto (UDUTH) have been arrested by the Department of State Security (DSS) over alleged sale of three children abducted from Zuru in Kebbi. Gov. Atiku Bagudu, who handed over the three children to their parents on Sunday in Birnin Kebbi, named the suspects as Comfort Nwanko of UDUTH, Dorothy Okonkwo, Uchenna Benedict, Helen Samuel and one Moses. He said that the three children, including a set of twins, were sold in Anambra in connivance with Nwankwo and Moses. 7. Alhaji Ibrahim Abubakar II, the Emir of Karaye in Kano State, has called for proper investigation into the death of a 26-year-old man, Abdulkadir Nasiru, who was allegedly tortured to death by the police. The emir called on the commissioner of police in the state to ensure proper investigation into the alleged torture of Abdulkadir by some police officers in Madobi Division before his death. He urged the Police Command in Kano State to investigate the alleged collection of N8, 000 from the elder brother of the deceased before granting him bail to take him to the hospital. 8. Ahead of the November 16 governorship election in Kogi State, the Olumagongo of Magongo land, His Royal Majesty, Obin Sam Bola Ojo has placed curses on whoever that will bring violence to his kingdom during the exercise. The Paramount ruler threatened that such persons will die before next year. The Monarch stated this on Sunday at an election door-to-door sensitization program in Ogori Magongo Local Government which was organized by the Challenge Parenthood Initiative, CPI. 9. The Governor of Bayelsa State, Mr. Seriake Dickson, has said that he does not know how much guns, especially an AK-47 cost. He stated this on Sunday during a live media chat in Yenagoa. Dickson said it was not in his character to procure and perpetrate violence to cause political disability in his state to gain political advantage as a leader, saying that election was not a time when people should be killed. 10. Report has claimed that suspected political thugs alleged to be working for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Sunday, launched an attack on the state secretariat of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in Lokoja. It was gathered that windows and doors of the Secretariat were shattered, while banners, posters and other campaign materials at the Secretariat were destroyed and replaced with the posters of the candidate of APC, governor Yahaya Bello. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.