Muslims in the South West region under the umbrella of Muslim Ummah of South-West Nigeria (MUSWEN) have urged Governors of some south-west states to establish Shari‘ah Courts in the region. The Muslim group directed its request to governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, Gboyega Oyetola of Osun, Dapo Abiodun of Ogun state as well as Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo, Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti and Babajide Sanwo-Olu (Lagos), through a communique signed by its chairman at the end of the 4th MUSWEN General Assembly held in Ibadan. They claimed that the creation of the Shari’ah courts in the six states of the region is necessary in order to cater to the yearnings of Muslims in the area, who are in the majority. The MUSWEN General Assembly which had the theme, “Muslim Unity and Contemporary Political Challenges in Nigeria”, was chaired by Alhaji Ishaq Kunle Sanni and supported by Professor Wole Abbas, Chairman, 4th General Assembly. In the communique made available to DAILY POST on Sunday, the group maintained that Shari’ah courts when established, would replace Shari‘ah panels being operated presently by Muslim organizations in the region. The organisation also insisted that the institution of Hijab is sacrosanct in Islam and cannot be compromised for Muslim girls and women in any part of the country. It frowned at what it termed a political lopsidedness against Muslims in the Southwest and at the Federal Level. “Shari‘ah court should be established by governments in the Southwestern Nigeria to cater to the yearnings of Muslims who are in the majority, to replace Shari‘ah Panels being operated presently by Muslim organizations’’. The communiqué reads MUSWEN is also advocating proper administration of justice, it says there is a need for an urgent judicial reform, taking a cue from the principle of Islamic Judicial System. “There have been some modest improvements in the state of the nation under the present administration, the Federal Government should intensify efforts to diversify the economy of the nation and Muslims in the country should go about demanding for their rights in accordance with the law’’ “The institution of Hijab is sacrosanct in Islam and cannot be compromised for Muslim girls and women in any part of the country. MUSWEN acknowledges the harmonious activities of the indefatigable President-General of the Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA) and Sultan of Sokoto, His Eminence, Dr. Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar CFR, mni and urges all Muslim Organizations in the South West to cooperate with him in his efforts at piloting the affairs of Nigerian Muslim Ummah. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.