The Governor of Kaduna State, Nasir El-Rufai was down on his kneels at the All Progressives Congress’ APC mega rally in Lokoja, the Kogi State capital on Thursday, begging the people of the State to forgive Governor Yahaya Bello of whatever wrong he had done and vote him back to power. El-Rufai is the Chairman of the All Progressives Congress Gubernatorial Campaign in Kogi State. The mega rally was attended by the First Lady, Dr. Mrs Aisha Buhari; wife of the Vice President, Mrs Dolapo Osinbajo; and the National Chairman of the APC, Mr Adams Oshiomhole. Before going on his kneels, El-Rufai said, “Many people say Yahaya Bello is young and that he has fought many people. For every one that the governor has offended, I am asking all of you to forgive him. He is young, he is supposed to make mistakes. “When you are young, you make mistakes, but you are supposed to learn from him. On his behalf, I am kneeling down to beg all of you to forgive Yahaya Bello if he has offended you.” The Kaduna State Governor further praised his Kogi State counterpart for his performance. He attacked the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP urging the people to “bury PDP once and for all.” Governor El-Rufai said that the many years of the PDP governance in the State was a waste, adding that the party did “nothing” in the state. He added, “In the past four years, the progress recorded by the APC government under Governor Yahaya Bello is more than what the PDP has tried to do in 13 years. “He cares about this state, he has brought progress to this state, he has brought young people into government, he has brought women into government. He has brought physical progress; he has cleared salary arrears that he inherited from previous governments. “You must all come out and support him. I beg you all.” Away from the court ruling on Busola Dakolo and Fatoyinbo case.
Here is Governor El-Rufai of Kaduna, ‘kneeling down’ to beg people of Kogi state to forgive Governor Yahaya Bello and re-elect him. pic.twitter.com/IVGp6U5L3V — ngozi clara (@ngoziclara) November 14, 2019  Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.