A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Edo, Gen. Charles Airhavbere, explained on Sunday that a faction of the APC is at loggerheads with Gov. Godwin Obaseki because the governor has “refused to listen to voice of reason.’’ Speaking in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Benin, Airhavbere, a former soldier turned politician, said that Obaseki lacked interpersonal skills and had resorted to use of raw power in dealing with his political associates. Airhavbere, who contested for the plum job with Obaseki in 2016, said the APC would never know peace in Edo with the way the governor was relating with other members of the party. He said that contrary to what Obaseki wanted people to believe, agitations in the state were not because of “stomach infrastructure’’ or a quest for the resources of the state by the party members. “It was never about godfather and god-son struggling for the control of government or resources of the state. “It is all about ensuring governance with human face and our resolve is to check the destructive approach to governance in Edo State and put our party on the path of moral rectitude, transparency and inclusion. “The struggle is all about a governor who lacks interpersonal relationship skill; who is vindictive and repelled by the presence of his party members and without provocation, resorts to anger and pugnacious display of raw power.’ “We cannot fold our arms and watch helplessly. With these traits, it is obvious that the governor was never psychologically and emotionally prepared to be a leader.” The party chief said it was because of these issues that `authentic’ members of the party came together on Nov. 13, to abolish the Edo Peoples Movement and suspend the governor, his deputy Philip Shaibu and the Secretary to State Government, Mr Osarodion Ogie. Airhavbere said that APC members remained loyal to the National Chairman of the party, Mr Adams Oshiomhole, assuring that everything would be done to protect the party from people bent on destroying it. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.