A thirteen-year-old girl(names withheld) has resurrected six days after she was allegedly raped to death by her fifty-two-year-old stepfather, Sunday Ojo in White House Area along Jakpa road in Uvwie Local Government Area of Delta State. The victim resurrection was allegedly made possible with the help of medical doctors, nurses and other officials. The victim’s mother simply identified as Edirin in a telephone chat with Our Correspondent in Warri said, “It is true.” According to Edirin, “My husband beat her. Drown her in a bucket of water, Drugged her and raped her. My daughter was in a coma for six days. “At first, we rushed her to General Hospital Ekpan. From there, they referred us to Lily Hospital in Warri where they revived her.” She said since the incident occurred, the said husband, “Sunday Ojo is nowhere to be found.” While noting that the matter has been reported at the Ekpan Police Divisional Headquarters, Edirin is calling on human rights activists, lawyers, journalists and well-meaning Nigerians to help get justice for her daughter. Edirin said her daughter who is an SS 1 student is still at the hospital because they are unable to pay the one million, eight hundred thousand naira medical bills they were charged. She said they(family) have been able to pay eight hundred thousand naira out of the one million, eight hundred thousand naira medical bills Following the incident, a human rights activist, Comrade Israel Joe has called on the Ekpan Divisional Police Officer, DPO, SP Ibok to intensify effort through a court order and declare Mr Sunday Ojo wanted. While thanking the DPO for his investigation and effort since the incident occurred, Israel Joe insisted that Sunny Ojo cannot escape justice. “We also want to thank Mrs Tobore Anne for drawing our attention to this dastard act and her commitment to women oppressed all over the world.” When contacted for comments on Friday morning, the Delta State Commissioner of Police, CP Adeyinka Adeleke confirmed the report Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.