A cross-section of Nigerians has expressed mixed reactions over President Muhammadu Buhari’s directive that ministers should submit any request meant for him to his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari. Buhari also directed the incoming Ministers to direct all executive matters to the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, Boss Mustapha. The President gave this directive during his closing remarks at the two-day Presidential Retreat for the incoming Ministers at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. Some Nigerians, who took to their Twitter handles to react, condemned the directive while others said Buhari was only ensuring that Kyari carried out his responsibilities. Their reactions gathered by DAILY POST read below: @Donteewrites: “How will I be a President and I won’t spend at least 2hrs with my Ministers weekly 4 brainstorming session where action plans on different sectors will be discussed and review our progress. This is not even FEC but heart to heart meeting. See people wey go school defend Abba Kyari.” @ayemojubar: “Buhari handed overall power to Abba Kyari while he runs in the background like a service. I have a question, what about Osinbajo the VP? Is he only relevant in this administration for tourism, visitations and disbursement? A prof, a SAN, a pastor? #Nigeria” @Babatundequdu13: “Since president Buhari will be too busy to attend to ministers directly I won’t be surprised if he travels out and hands over the country to our prime minister abba kyari. It’s only in Nigeria chief of staff will be more superior than the VP. What’s the job of osinbajo?” @ApeteAbiodun2: “Abba Kyari is the new Sherriff in town… We love our new Sherriff
#Abba Kyari” @Donteewrites: The person I pity in this whole stuff is VP Osinbajo. How sure are we that Osinbajo is not reporting to Abba Kyari?? It’s messy…. Ministers should report to Abba Kyari but when it’s time for Tradermoni they will send Osinbajo and not Kyari. Sad stuff… Very Sad!” @Taiwo16556987: Abba Kyari news and how many of us handle it here, confirmed most of we youth are hopeless “Many of us just talk politics without understanding the fundamental of it. Educated youths come here to rubbish their education. If you don’t know what a chief of staff means google it.” @obi_Nwosu: “If you made a deal with President Muhammadu Buhari, did you also make a deal with Chief of Staff Abba Kyari? This 4 year movie will be very interesting.” @miyen_akeke: “So the correspondences and Ministers Abba Kyari doesn’t want the President to see, he won’t be able to. Here is a President that doesn’t want a direct communication with the people of Nigeria and he just extended that gesture to his Ministers.” @ayurexars: “From time immemorial, the chief of staff has always been the gate pass to the president of any country.
Some are even asking why not the vice-president? The president only asked Abba Kyari to do his job and for the ministers to follow due process. How’s this a problem.” @Ike_Grandeur: “Wait..ooo, you got employed as a member of the management team and you have no access to your MD yet none of the appointees has resigned? “Politicians are destroying Nigeria now Abba Kyari is has been appointed the President.” @ADB_Gombe: “Without Abba Kyari, Buhari is nothing.” @shamsudeenAY: “Reading opinions about Abba kyari shows you how dumb some Nigerians are. The president advised all meetings request should go through his chief of staff which is a normal procedure in the world. But some stupid thinking people thinks Abba is controlling the president.” @ChelsTracy: “You’re not educated. Has there even been a time the VP answers to the Chief of Staff? Do you know the VP has his own Chief of Staff? Read and stop being ignorant. As for Abba Kyari that is his function.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.