The University of Uyo Alumni Association on Thursday condemned what they described as “unrestrained attacks” on students of the institution by suspected cultists. In a statement signed by its President, Professor Gabriel Umoh, and the Secretary, Dr. Jude Iwok, the group said the unhindered access into the hostels by hoodlums who attacked the first day and returned the next day to raid another hostel was an indication that insecurity has reached a high level in the institution. The Alumni, however, called on the school management to tackle the insecurity immediately before it gets out of hands. According to the statement, “We have watched with dismay the growing insecurity situation within the University and its environ. From snatching of phones from students at any hour of the day, the invasion of hostels and heightened cult activities, the state of insecurity in the institution has reached an alarming heights. “The recent invasion of female hostels twice in one week was a clear indication that the insecurity in the school has hit an all time low with all its attendant negative implications. “We are deeply worried that hoodlums would have such leeway into hostels, rob students of their belongings and returned again a day after to raid another female hostel with impunity having served notice that they were coming back as widely reported in the media. “We condemned in totality the free reign of crime that has become a recurring decimal in the University of Uyo, and call on the school authorities to be more proactive, sure-footed and decisive in tackling this clear and present danger before it degenerates to something that cannot be managed anymore.” The statement called on the school authorities to beef up security within the institution especially around the hostel areas to forestall similar incident. It called on the school authorities to take advantage of the proscription of cultism by Governor Udom Emmanuel and fish out those involved and hand them over to the appropriate authorities for prosecution to serve as a deterrent to others. The statement further called on the students to remain calm and be vigilant and go about their studies without any fear, as the government is doing everything possible to address their plights. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.