Former Barcelona star, Rivaldo has said he doesn’t see Barcelona offloading striker Ousmane Dembele because of his continued issues with staying fit, if a deal to bring back Neymar is struck with Paris St. Germain. The Brazilian legend, however, said Dembele would lose his place in the squad should his country man return to the La Liga champions. Neymar seems set to return to Barca this summer, with the Spanish giants confident they can bring the transfer drama to a swift conclusion. “I don’t see Barcelona trying to get rid of Ousmane Dembele because of his constant problems – he is a great player with big potential,” Rivaldo told Betfair. “But if Neymar returns to the club, Dembele would perhaps lose his place in the squad, and using him as exchange instead of spending too much money could be an option for Barcelona. “Neymar can give what other players can’t. He knows the locker room and the club’s supporters, and in addition to his quality as a player he knows most of his teammates who would enjoy having him on their side again. And Neymar is also looking ready to return and grab some more titles with the club. “I suppose we’ll have a few more big transfers before Deadline Day. I expect the conclusion of the Neymar transfer, but I also imagine other clubs making late moves in the market. Real Madrid could try to reinforce their midfield for example.” He also said he doesn’t think Neymar will move to Real Madrid because he believes his countryman is aching for a return to Catalonia. “I can’t see Neymar signing for Real Madrid because the player wants to return to Barcelona and the club seems focused on making that a reality before the transfer deadline. “I believe Barcelona won’t let Neymar escape and despite all that happened with him leaving the club a few years ago, he would always be an excellent signing for the team and could quickly convince Blaugrana fans once again with his excellent quality on the pitch.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.