Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The presidency on Wednesday confirmed the suspension of President Muhammadu Buhari’s aide and the Chairman of the Special Investigation Panel for the Recovery of Public Property, Okoi Obono-Obla. His suspension takes effect immediately until completion of the ongoing investigations by ICPC. 2. The Federal Government on Wednesday reacted to the furore in India over the treatment of Sheikh Ibrahim El-Zakzaky. Leader of the Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN) had refused treatment from those he called “unknown doctors” put in place to treat him in India. The Shiites leader insisted he wanted to be treated by those booked to treat him before he and his wife left from Nigeria. However Grace Isu Gekpe, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Information and Culture, recalled the genesis of the situation. She said on reaching Dubai, El-Zakzaky began to display ulterior motives against laid down procedures. She said the Shiites leader requested that his passport be handed over to him but the State officials would not budge to his pressure. The situation became worse in India as he refused to subject himself to preliminary medical checks. 3. The Federal Government through the Chairman/CEO Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Hon. Abike Dabiri-Erewa, on Wednesday, demanded a thorough investigation into the death of a Nigerian Pastor in China, Joseph Ogenna Nwajueze from the Chinese authorities. Dabiri-Erewa stated that the death of the Nigerian Pastor was condemnable. She said the killing of the Anambra-born pastor, who was living with his wife, Chinwe and four children in China, by the Chinese security operatives must be thoroughly investigated and the culprit punished. She added that reports had it that the late Pastor was doing his legitimate business in China and as such, there was no reason for his unjustifiable killing. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday signed the Nigerian Correctional Service Bill into law. Senior Special Assistant to the President on National Assembly Matters (Senate), Ita Enang disclosed this to newsmen on Wednesday. The Act repeals the Nigerian Prisons Service Act. The Nigerian Prisons Service will now be called the Nigerian Correctional Service. 5. Reverend Elisha Noma of Nagarta Baptist Church , Angwan Makiri, was kidnapped by unknown gunmen near Udawa, Chikun Local Government area of Kaduna State on Wednesday. Armed kidnappers, numbering about 20, reportedly stormed the village around 1:30 am Wednesday and forced their way into the Pastor’s house and went away with him and his son. The kidnapper later freed the son, Emmanuel Elisha, who was threatened to go and raise unspecified amount of money as ransom. They threatened the son that the father would be killed if he failed to provide the ransom within five days. 6. Leader of the Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN) Sheikh Ibrahim El-Zakzaky, yesterday, refused treatment from those he called unknown doctors put in place to treat him in India. The Shiites leader insisted that he wanted to be treated by those booked to treat him before he and his wife left Nigeria. A member of the Islamic Human Rights Commission (IHRC) made the disclosure on Wednesday. He lamented the attitude of Indian government. The top official said the country was acting as thought El-Zakzaky was a common criminal even when no court in Nigeria had convicted him. 7. Sunday Japhet, an officer with the Nigeria Police, who said Nigeria was being led by evil people, was yesterday arrested by the Yobe State police command. Sunmonu Abdulmaliki, Yobe Commissioner of Police, told newsmen of the arrest but rebuffed further questions. Japhet had complained about being owed salaries. He also complained of the recent murder of three policemen by soldiers in Taraba. 8. A Lagos Federal High Court on Wednesday remanded Abdullahi Babalele, son-in-law to Atiku Abubakar, in the custody of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC. Justice Nicholas Oweibo ordered that Babalele be remanded in the custody of the anti-graft agency, pending the hearing of his bail application tomorrow. This followed a request made by his counsel, Mike Ozekhome (SAN). The EFCC earlier arraigned Babalele before the Justice Oweibo-led court. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Wednesday, promised to use the Nigerian Army and police to end the menace of banditry bedeviling the country. This, was as he vowed to ensure that perpetrators of banditry and kidnapping attacks are brought to justice, stressing that those killing and shouting “Allah Akbar” are lying because God is not wicked. 10. Liverpool, on Wednesday night, won the UEFA Super Cup, barely three months after they lifted the Champions League trophy. Jurgen Klopp’s Reds defeated Chelsea 5-4 on penalties in Istanbul, Turkey to clinch their first silverware of this season. Olivier Giroud gave Chelsea the lead in the first half, before Sadio Mane equalized for Liverpool. Mane then fired Liverpool into the lead in extra time, but Jorginho rolled in a penalty after Tammy Abraham was brought down by Adrian. Abraham however turned villain, as he was the only player to miss a penalty during the shoot-out. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.