The Rivers State Police Command says there has been reinforcement of personnel to Okwale community in Khana Local Government Area of the State. Police Public Relations Officer; DSP Nnamdi Omoni disclosed this to DAILY POST on telephone. DSP Omoni added that the Police is already working towards identifying the group behind the attacks but said preliminary investigation shows it is cult related. “We understand that many people have fled the community because of the attacks. So, with our reinforcement to the affected communities, we want to encourage those who have fled to return to their homes” he said. Meanwhile, the Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People, MOSOP, has expressed sadness over the resurgence of violence in some Ogoni communities. The group stated that the cult clashes which started in Okwale on Tuesday have spilled over to Taabaa and Nyokuru communities, all in Nyokhana district in Khana Local Government Area of Rivers State. MOSOP added that it is pained over the unjustified attacks leading to the burning down of the house of its President, Legborsi Pyagbara in Nyokuru. MOSOP in the statement signed by its Publicity Secretary, Sunny Zorva said the ugly situation demands urgent and thorough actions by the security agencies and every necessary action required of the government. “The Movement also feels distressed over reports of the killing of about four persons early today and razing of the palace of His Highness, Chief Nule (jnr) in Taabaa community and yesterday’s killing of scores of persons and attack on the residence of Chief Monday Abueh and others in Okwale community by cult gangs. “This ugly situation demands urgent and thorough actions by the security agencies and every necessary action required of the government. “We call on the Police and the special joint military task force to ensure the return of peace to the troubled communities, go after perpetrators of this barbaric and retrogressive onslaught on the Communities, but without hurt on innocent persons. “We also appeal to the traditional rulers, opinion leaders and other influential stakeholders to put their differences aside and work for the peace and security in the area,” the statement reads. Scores of persons were killed in various attacks by armed youths said to be cult members in different parts of Khana Local government area. This comes days after Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike announced the capture of a suspected dreaded cultist identified as Bobrisky by the Nigerian Army in neighbouring Gokana LGA of the State. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.