Former Crystal Palace chairman, Simon Jordan has criticised Manchester City boss, Pep Guardiola, over the comment made about the Video Assistant Referee, VAR, after Manchester City’s 2-2 draw with Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League last weekend. Gabriel Jesus scored in stoppage time for Guardiola’s men only for VAR to rule it out for a handball. It was a repeat of fate for Man City after the new technology prevented them from knocking the same opponents out of last season’s UEFA Champions League. However, two goals from Raheem Sterling and Sergio Aguero gave the Premier League champions a point against Spurs at Etihad. Guardiola had described the use of VAR during his side’s Premier League draw against Tottenham as ‘tough’. EPL: What Guardiola said about VAR, Man City’s 2-2 draw with Tottenham  Guardiola said: “I thought we left that situation in Tottenham in the Champions League last season. But it is the same. The referee and VAR disallow it. It’s the second time [it’s happened] – it’s tough. It’s honestly tough but it’s the way it is.” But Jordan now wondered why Guardiola is leading the way of ‘hypocritical’ Premier League managers, adding that the City boss only complains about VAR when decisions go against him. Writing in his column for The Sun, Jordan said: “I watched Pep Guardiola wax lyrical that an accidental handball had denied his all-conquering Manchester City side yet another win, and how VAR had robbed him of the three points against Tottenham. “But surely this couldn’t have been the Pep I vividly remember just a few months ago demanding the need for technology to be brought in after his team crashed out of the Champions League. “The one who was left fuming that Fernando Llorente’s goal which decided the all-English European tie was scored with a handball — and insisting that VAR simply has to be used to rule on such crucial matters. “Now we have replays being used, and it doesn’t suit him, he’s got a problem with it. “That smacks of hypocrisy. If you look at football, it’s full of hypocrisies.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.