Family of Big Brother Naija housemate, Khafi has reacted to threat by UK police that it will sack Khafi Kareem from duty. DAILY POST had reported that UK police on Tuesday said Khafi who is a Metropolitan Police officer, went into the Big Brother Naija show despite being refused permission by her bosses. According to The Sun, Scotland Yard said it had not granted her request to appear on the programme and that an internal investigation would be carried out. The 29-year-old joined the show, where she has romped three times with fellow contestant, Ekpata Gedoni, 31. Furious over her disobedience, one of her colleagues said “She’s a serving British police officer — it’s outrageous. “She asked permission to go on the show but, when her request was refused, she went anyway. But reacting, Khafi’s family while demanding an apology and retraction of the story said it will sue the Newspaper for failing to get its reaction before publishing the allegation. The statement which was posted on her official IG Page reads, “ The attention of Khafi’s management has been drawn to a publication by The Sun UK of Tuesday, August 13, 2019, titled “LOIN OF DUTY Met Police ‘poster girl’ faces sack for ‘having sex’ on Nigerian Big Brother after being told not to take part”. This brazenly sensational and defamatory outburst by The Sun UK is written in poor taste without considering the ethics of journalism which seeks balance and objectivity. “At NO time did The Sun UK send a mail of inquiry to Khafi’s official email which is blasted across her social media platforms under active management to confirm or refute the claims in the publication.
Khafi’s side of the story is deliberately and conveniently omitted to sell a pre-conceived narrative while responses from “outraged colleagues” and “other papers” riddle the publication. “This comes from a repressive culture of shaming and characterizing women for their sexual decisions and life choices. “We find The Sun UK’s publication repulsive and damaging to the image and livelihood of our client. Khafi is a proud black female police officer who prides herself in her work and has dedicated her youthful years protecting and serving with her many skills which include the ability to speak at least five international languages. “We demand an immediate retraction of the publication by The Sun UK and a public apology to our client Khafilat Kareem within the next 48 hours. “Legal options are also being considered at this time.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.