The National Business and Technical Examinations Board, said 32,673 candidates that sat for the NBC/NTC examinations scored five credits and above including English Language and Mathematics. Registrar/Chief Executive, NABTEB, Prof. (Mrs.) Ifeoma Isiugo-Abanihe disclosed this while briefing newsmen on the outcome of the 2019 May/June NABTEB examination results in Benin City, the Edo State capital. The Registrar/Chief Executive, NABTEB, said a total of 46,120 candidates obtained five credits and above with or without English Language and Mathematics; thus representing 83.05 percent of the candidates that sat for the same exams. Prof. Ifeoma said a total of 56,413 candidates registered for the examinations in 1,501 centres, stressing that analysis of the enrollment indicated that candidates enrolled for 15 Engineering Trades, 7 Construction Trades, 9 Miscellaneous Trades, 4 Business Trades and 21 General Education Subjects.
He noted that a total of 55,532 candidates sat for the examinations which represents 98.44 percent of the total enrollment adding that it is important to note that out of the 30,955 candidates that sat for the various trades, 16,573 (53.54 percent) were certified as craftsmen. While lauding the quality assurance mechanisms put in place by the board, Ifeoma said it has helped the body to checkmate examination malpractice. “Permit me to observe that quality assurance mechanisms put in place by the board to checkmate examination malpractice seem to have continued to yield positive results. “For instance, 399 candidates representing 0.72 percent of the examination candidates were found to be involved in examination malpractice compared to 842 candidates, representing 1.52 percent of the total number of candidates during the May/June 2018 certificate examinations”, she said. She however stressed that, as part of the effort of the federal government to empower Nigerians with skills, the National Skills Qualification Framework was approved by the Federal Ministry of Education which expanded the assessment horizon of NABTEB as general awarding body for the assessment and award of Nigerian Skills Qualification to products of both private and public institutions. She further said NABTEB is therefore well prepared to collaborate with public and private training institutions that are engaged in training on technical, vocational or entrepreneurial skills in any part of the country for the purpose of conducting assessment and awarding certificates. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.