Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Seun Fakorede, the 27-year-old Commissioner-designate in Oyo State has revealed how he felt during his screening process by the House of Assembly members. The OAU graduate disclosed that he became emotional at some point as he was questioned and advised by the House, assuring Nigerians of full commitment and maximum delivery when he and the team assume office. 2. The Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC), at the weekend, said no tariff increase has been approved by the commission yet. It also said it was still consulting with stakeholders. The commission added that it wished to notify the public that no tariff increase had been approved by the contrary to the impression in some quarters. 3. The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) at the weekend, explained why it accepted Dr Chris Ngige’s reappointment as the Minister of Labour and Employment. The NLC, which had earlier kicked against President Muhammadu Buhari’s decision, said that despite the history between Congress and the former Anambra state Governor, the labour movement would not unnecessarily antagonise the Minister. 4. The Chairman of the Ogun State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chef Derin Adebiyi, has said that the National Chairman of the party, Adams Oshiomhole, will not leave office an honourable man. Adebiyi spoke in reaction to an alleged forceful invasion of the party Secretariat in Ogun state by the caretaker committee set up by Oshiomhole where caretaker committee and others members of the party loyal to the Governor of the state, Dapo Abiodun on Friday forcefully took over the party Secretariat at Iyana Mortuary in Abeokuta, the state capital. 5. The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, on Saturday, urged Igbos living in Japan and Asia countries to disregard any order emanating from the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, to attack, disgrace or arrest President Muhammadu Buhari. Buhari will travel to Japan participates Sunday to participates in the Seventh Tokyo International Conference on African development, holding in the City of Yokohama from August 28-30th 2019 in Japan. Nnamdi Kanu had vowed to attack and disgrace the Nigerian leader in Japan. 6. Notorious kidnap kingpin, Hamisu Bala, popularly known as Wadume, at the weekend, made some shocking revelations about his criminal activities. Wadume revealed that he is currently a member of the All Progressives Congress, APC, after dumping the PDP and helped the party win election in the presidential and senatorial election in Ibi town. Wadume also revealed how the policemen who arrested him were killed by men of Nigerian Army who rescued him. He also alleged that the APC gave him N13million ahead of the February 23 presidential. 7. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has insisted it will never allocate resources to a kidnapper or murderer. APC said this in reaction to a claim made by Hamisu Bala, a suspected kidnap kingpin popularly known as Wadume. APC said it did not have a budget for thugs in the last general election. The ruling noted that it was expected that the alleged kidnapper, having come face to face with justice, would throw whatever he could lay his hands on into the fray. 8 The Presidency on Saturday cleared the air on the responsibilities of the President’s Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, and that of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, Boss Mustapha. Buhari had ordered the incoming Ministers to submit any request meant for him to his Chief of Staff, Mallam Abba Kyari and all executive matters to the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, Boss Mustapha. Reacting to the controversies generated by the order, the Presidency said that the role has not changed. 9. Six suspected fake youth corps members have been arrested at the ongoing registration for National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) exercise at the Katsina State orientation camp. The state NYSC Coordinator, Alhaji Ahidjo Yahaya, said the suspects were caught with forged call-up letters and fake degree certificates. 10. Senator Shehu Sani, a former lawmaker representing Kaduna Central Senatorial District in the National Assembly, has denied that he has been appointed to coordinate the purported presidential campaign of APC leader, Bola Tinubu, in the Northwest. He advised Nigerians to disregard the fake stories, maintaining that the Asiwaju remains his good friend, but insisted that he was not aware of his political plans and does not coordinate anything for him or anyone. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.