Popular Nigerian singer, Davido has reacted to a list by the Federal Inland Revenue Service, FIRS, naming his music label, DMW, as part of tax defaulters in Nigeria. The FIRS had on Tuesday published names of 19,901 individuals and organisations, who default on tax payment in Nigeria. The list obtained by SaharaReporters contains prominent individuals and organisations like: Obasanjo Farms Nig. Ltd (Feedmill); Iyiola Omisore & Par; Citiroof Aluminium Co. Ltd; Coldstone Creamery Limited (Yaba); Davido Music Worldwide Ltd; Grand Square Supermarket and Stores Ltd; Open Heavens Bliss Enterprises; and God is Good Motors. The agency issued an ultimatum to aforementioned names to pay owed tax, adding that ‘If they fail, refuse or neglect to pay the tax due within 30 days of this notice, the FIRS shall in accordance with Section 49 (2) (a- d) of the FIRSE Act proceed and enforce the payment of the said tax against all the directors, managers, secretaries and every other person concerned in the management of the companies and recover the said tax from such persons without further notice.” It said: “This is to notify all companies, which had their bank accounts placed under lien by the Federal Inland Revenue Service pursuant to Section 31 of the FIRSE Act but are yet to regularise their tax status with the FIRS, that if they fail, refuse or neglect to pay the tax due within 30 days of this notice, the FIRS shall in accordance with Section 49 (2) (a- d) of the FIRSE Act proceed and enforce the payment of the said tax against all the directors, managers, secretaries and every other person concerned in the management of the companies and recover the said tax from such persons without further notice. “For the avoidance of doubt, the above section authorizes the FIRS to proceed against and punish every officer, manager, director, secretary or any person concerned with the management of the company in like manner as if he/she had committed the offense. “Others on the list of defaulters include Tiger Foods Limited; Slot Enterprises; Payporte Technology Limited; Visionscape Sanitation Solutions Limited; Erisco Foods Limited, Hubmart Stores Limited and United Capital Plc.” Davido, the owner of music label ‘ Davido Music Worldwide’ who was listed among tax defaulters took to his Twitter page mocking the report. Reacting to the report, Davido wrote: “Lol I’m on my cash sh*t.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.