The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youths Council, OYC, has backed the Imo Council of Elders over their appeal to Governor Emeka Ihedioha for the reinstatement of His Royal Majesty, Eze Cletus Ilomuanya as a monarch in the State. OYC spoke through its Secretary-General, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike in a statement he issued to journalists in Enugu, on Friday. It could be re-called that Ilomuanya had a long-standing face-off with former Imo governor, Rochas Okorocha, leading to his dethronement. Although the Court later faulted his removal, he was yet to be reinstated as the traditional ruler of Obinugwu autonomous community. In the statement issued by the OYC, Okwu said it was time for the decision of the Court to be upheld by the Ihedioha-led government. According to him, “there is no gainsaying the fact that the present government in Imo State came in as a result of participatory democracy and equity. “The people of Imo State yearned for good and their voices were allowed to be heard. “We are also glad that His Excellency, Rt. Hon. Emeka Ihedioha is determined on recovering all lost grounds in Imo State, including the core values of the State that were bastardized by the Okorocha-led government. “It is, however, instructive to note that the recovery must be total. We say this because one of the obvious abuse of process committed by Okorocha government was the blatant removal of Eze Cletus Ilomuanya, simply because he was opposed to impunity. “Based on this, we are appealing to the Governor to do the needful by reinstating him as that would not only bring justice but convince Imo people that his government is actually ready to correct every anomaly of the past government.” He commended the Imo Elders who had at a meeting with the Deputy Governor of the State made a similar request. “We applaud the Orlu Elders’ Council for having also taken the same step during their visit to the Deputy Governor of Imo State. The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide urge the State government to heed this clarion call in line with judicial pronouncements,” he added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.