Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari and the APC at the weekend urged the Presidential Election Petitions Tribunal to dismiss the petition filed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its candidate, Atiku Abubakar, who are challenging the Feb. 23 general election on technicalities and evidential grounds. 2. Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) Nnamdi Kanu on Sunday placed a N1 million bounty on anyone who gives useful information about overseas travel itinerary of any Igbo leaders. 3. Big Brother Naija, housemates Joe and Enkay were on Sunday, evicted from ‘Pepper Dem’ edition. The two had the lowest number of votes among those put up for eviction. 4. The Islamic Movement in Nigeria on Sunday described a recent statement credited to the federal government that its leader, Sheikh Ibrahim El-Zakzaky had wanted to seek asylum in India before his repatriation, as part of a campaign of calumny by the government to cover its own gross misconduct in a foreign land. 5. The immediate past Senate President, Bukola Saraki; the Federal Government; IPOB and its leader, Nnamdi Kanu; social cultural group, prominent Nigerians and politicians, on Sunday, reacted separately to the attack on ex-Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu in Germany. 6. The Special Presidential Investigation Panel for Recovery of Public Property (SPIP) yesterday, faulted claim that its suspended Chairman, Okoi Obono-Obla had engaged in abuse of office and was reckless in his conduct. 7. Gov Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State, on Sunday, claimed that his predecessor, Senator Ibikunle Amosun, was concluding plans to join the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). 8. Samuel Nwankwo, a Nigerian resident in Eastfield in Peterborough, UK, who swallowed 67 wraps of cocaine before taking a flight from Brazil to London was jailed for four years at the weekend. 9. Cult gangs invaded two communities in Rivers State at the weekend, killing at least 3 persons. 10. The Police command in Benue State on Sunday said death toll from Saturday’s gunmen attack on mourners in Katsina-Ala Local Government Area of the state has risen to nine. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.