The Chairman, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, on Friday declared that the Nigerian Government will extradite about eighty Nigerians who have been accused of perpetrating fraud in some parts of United States of America (USA). Dabiri-Erewa made this declaration in a statement she personally signed, a copy of which was made available to DAILY POST. DAILY POST reported that the USA authorities, had yesterday released about 80 names of some Nigerians, accused of perpetrating fraud in the country. But, Dabiri-Erewa while reacting, urged the accused persons to voluntarily turn themselves into the USA authorities in order to clear their names. Dabiri-Erewa in the statement, however, maintained that failure to do so, the Nigerian government would find means to extradite those accused if relevant international treaties between the two countries are invoked. Dabiri-Erewa in the statement entitled, “re: arrest of alleged Nigerian fraudsters in various parts of the United’ States OF America”, said that the commission would continue to monitor the case closely. She said, “The Nigerians in Diaspora Commission is deeply concerned about the news of the court indictment of 80 persons, mainly Nigerians, in various parts of the US, being accused in separate FBI cases of massive email fraud and money laundering. “Prior to the court indictment of these eighty persons, of which Valentine Iro and Chukwudi Christogunis Igbokwe are lead suspects, Obinwanne Okeke had earlier been arrested in Virginia. “We acknowledge the fact that accusation does not mean guilt, and we hope that all the accused will be given fair and speedy trial. We also ask those accused in Nigeria to voluntarily turn themselves in, to American authorities to clear their names, without which the Nigerian government should extradite them if relevant international treaties between the two governments are invoked. “While such actions ultimately have negative effect on the image of the country, the Commission however reiterates as it has always done, that the actions of a few Nigerians involved in criminal activities is not and can never be what the majority of Nigerians represent. We advise and we continuously resist any stereotyping of Nigeria and Nigerians generally. “The Commission will continue to monitor the case closely.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.