Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide has reacted to the attack on former Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu. The Igbo Youth said the development showed that Igbo leaders were no longer safe, as it had it on good authority that many of them would suffer same fate as Ekweremadu. DAILY POST reported on Saturday that lawmaker was attacked by suspected members of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, in Germany. The incident is believed to have taken place in Nuremberg, Germany. In a statement signed and made available to DAILY POST on Saturday by Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro, its President General, the youth of the apex Igbo social-cultural organization said that the attack indicates that revolution has started in Igbo land. It added, “We have watched keenly the recent harassment and assualt on the immediate past Deputy Senate President Sen Ike Ekweremadu at the New yam Festival at Nuremberg Germany. “[We see the attack] as a calculated plot to destroy the elite conspiracy theories and concepts, and instill disciplinary actions against Igbo leaders by suspected Biafra agitators who feel that our leaders brought the current ordeal Igbos are facing in Nigeria. “We condemned vehemently the introduction of mob action against Igbo leaders, as this is a wrong precedence that should be condemned. “We believe that there are likely more targeted Igbo leaders on their lists, who may face the consequences of failed leadership in the South East, but Ekweremadu’s assault is contrary to igbo norms and values, and should be condemned vehemently by all stakeholders. “From intelligence report, revolution has begun in Igbo land, igbo leaders should be careful, they are no longer safe across the globe. “This assault on Ekweremadu was to test run on what is likely to happen to other marked leaders, if this ugly trend remained unchecked, it will be bring doom to Igbo leadership. “We have it on good authority that similar attacks have been lined up for Southeast governors, Senators and other Igbo leaders any time they undertake trips abroad. “They should, therefore, be cautious while embarking on such trip to avoid suffering similar trip. “In the meantime, we call for cease fire on violence against Igbo leaders, but urge that South East political leaders to find a means to make peace with between all the stakeholders in the South East, especially the Youths and agitators.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.