The Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has reiterated the state’s rejection of cattle colonies, Ruga settlements and grazing reserves in the State. Ortom made the remark while stressing that the state had at no time rejected the National Livestock Transformation Plan, NLTP, approved by the National Economic Council, NEC. Recall that the state government had recently met with stakeholders drawn from the traditional institution, the church, socio-cultural organisations, the academia, civil society and Miyetti Allah associations over the NLTP. However, a statement by Ortom’s Chief Press Secretary, Tever Akase said the state has resolved to adopt NLTP because it would benefit the state in the area of infrastructural development. The statement reads: “It has become necessary to state that the Benue State Government at no time rejected the National Livestock Transformation Plan, NLTP, approved by National Economic Council, NEC which has the 36 state Governors as members. “What Benue rejected and still reject are cattle colonies, Ruga settlements and grazing reserves which were neither discussed nor approved by NEC. “NEC agreed that regarding the NLTP, each state would be free to adopt aspects of the plan which suit its peculiarities. “In the case of Benue State, we already have a law on ranching and there is no provision in the legislation for open grazing. “In line with the above, when Benue stakeholders recently met and studied the NLTP document critically, they resolved that the plan has other aspects of infrastructural development from which the state would benefit. Prominent among such provisions in the document is the plan for resettlement of those affected by herdsmen attacks and other forms of violence whose property have been destroyed in different parts of the state. “The stakeholders subsequently issued a communique which made it clear that the state would embrace the National Livestock Transformation Plan to the extent that it does not breach provisions of the Open Grazing Prohibition and Ranches Establishment Law of the state. “It was also resolved during the meeting that a technical team of experts be put together to study the NLTP document and identify areas suitable for implementation in Benue State based on peculiarities of the state. “The meeting also resolved that the NLTP should be domesticated in the state and to ensure that it conforms with the Open Grazing Prohibition and Ranches Establishment Law of the state.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.