Former Big Brother Africa Winner, Uti Nwachukwu has commended the decision by Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, housemate, Elozonam during Monday’s nomination show. Seven Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemates, including Mike, Seyi, Mercy, Diane , Frodd, Jackie and Gedoni have been selected for possible eviction this week. The housemates were nominated after an arena game challenge between two groups, the Icons and Cruistopia. They were told to fill up their team’s cup with a spoon. The team that filled the cup on time emerged winner. The ‘Cruistopia team’ were defeated during the challenge. Elozonam, who won the veto power on Sunday saved Venita and replaced him with Frodd from her team, ‘Cruistopia’. Here are the housemates up for eviction: Gedoni, Mike, Frodd, Diane, Jackie, Seyi, Mercy. Uti, reacting on his Twitter page described Elozonam’s decision to save Venita as the best decision in BBNaija. He wrote: “Best save and replace decision ever made in the history of BBNaija .Elozonam I am now a fan. “I wish there was a way we could send Elozonam a message that no one is pissed at him on the outside, no need for this guilt bro. You don win Fans.” Here are other comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Aigbiremolen “I swear! Elozonam is so smart and his decision very strategic. Coupled with the pay back to Diane too. That one sweet me.” @Awychukwu “Elo has shown great Intelligent with a dose of fresh ripe pepper. Exactly what we the viewers need. Now let’s vote wisely and Evict Jackye and Gedoni otherwise we miss a great opportunity that may not arise again.” @Jennyphar21 “Strategic move by elozonam, they should know that it’s a game.” @LawrenceOkorong “Elozonam deserves an award for this save and replace.” @Entr_Profiler “Elozonam acted childish, Diane almost cried. She’s going to be so pissed at him. Imagine if she gets evicted. “ @Dekunle_inspire “Elozonam is the smartest guy in the house. Take it or leave it.“ @Itisnotmeantobe “Love how everyone is happy with Elozonam’s decision not to save Diane, people were making excuses for Diane last week saying Sir Dee is like her brother in the house, well I guess Venita is Elozonam’s sister in the house.” @Doctor_Brightt “Elozonam has won my vote! Thank you! This guy played the exactas me game! Esther get luck, Gedoni and Jackie I’ve booked Uber for you people.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.