Mavin producer, Don Jazzy alongside Big Brother Naija, BBNaija fans have reacted to the eviction of housemates: Joe and Enkay, from the reality show. DAILY POST had reported that Joe and Enkay were evicted on Sunday during the Live eviction show. They were evicted after they emerged as housemates with the least votes. Their eviction has since generated reactions from Nigerians on social media. Don Jazzy, who is an ardent follower of BBNaika show, on his Twitter page wrote:
“Eyaaa Joe sorry. ‘Gbas Gbos’ “Nigerians came thru for Cindy awwww. Enkay has been evicted.” Here are other comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Iam_doctormayor “Another lively HM have gone.While the bored once are still inside the house.” @Seuncoded “It’s really painful seeing Joe Leaving the BBNaija house.” @Lydiababs “You mess with Tacha and you pay for it.. Bye Joe, sorry not sorry.” @Iamkennyking “Tuoyo had his birthday celebration one Saturday night, and got evicted the following night.Joe had his birthday celebrated last night.I’m just saying.” @Candylukz14 “Diane will forever blame herself for joe’s eviction.this is sooo sad.” @Rasrap21 “Dear Joe, we Titans get the fact that all you did in the house towards Queen Tacha was simply your game plan and strategy! Sadly it didn’t go well, all the same we love your confidence, talent and sarcasm! @Kingsky228880 “Joe you messed yourself up for provocating Tacha. That was the beginning of your eviction. Diane thanks once more for giving us Joe on a platter of gold. You don’t mess with our queen and remain in the house. Hell no bro. #BBNaijaEviction @Chinnypillz “Joe’s eviction clearly shows that 90% Nigerians prefer ratchet and trash personalities on tv than watching smart intelligent folks with potentials.“ @Thevillagehead “Joe who is talented and entertaining has been evicted while some dull housemates who are insultive are worshipped. No wonder Buhari is the president of Nigeria while the vice is a Professor. Everything is sentiment not merit.” @Phleg_matic “Enkay coming out and realizing she got evicted because of Ludo.” @Nobsdashlushkid “Enkay left before Cindy and you don’t believe in God ? @Prince_charles “You know something twisted ?Enkay is more fun to watch than Esther, Jackye and Diane.We still get another week of the udeke triplets.” @livingoreet, “Yet another eviction tonight and Madam Enkay has been evicted to go home and continue playing Ludo + selling slippers.She finally left before village Cindy. @Aminuoladimeji, “Enkay you can now goan play your Ludo with your family members.” @Faithmartins, “Our night bus to enugu is ready! Enkay congratulations! Enugu missed you.” @lilyking, “Nigerians voted out Enkay because of her condescending attitude towards Cindy. I love it but imagine using that same energy for our leaders.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.