A former Governor of Oyo State, Chief Christopher Adebayo Alao-Akala, on Wednesday broke silence for the first time since the 2019 gubernatorial election was held in the state. DAILY POST recalls that the former Governor, an indigene of Ogbomoso, who contested under the platform of Action Democratic Party (ADP) and later stepped down for the All Progressives Congress (APC), candidate, Mr. Adebayo Adelabu was the governor of the state between 2007 and 2011. He has since then remained silent on the political scene in the state and the country at large. Alao-Akala, however for the first time lent his voice to the political situation in the country, as he spoke on the appointment of Mr. Sunday Dare, another indigene of Ogbomoso as Minister of Youths and Sports by President Muhammadu Buhari. Alao-Akala insisted that Buhari has made a right choice with the appointment. The former Governor in a statement made available to DAILY POST by his Media Aide, Mr. Yekeen Olaniyi, expressed optimism that Dare will excellently deliver in his new role at the national level. Alao-Akala said, “President Muhammadu Buhari’s choice of Mr. Sunday Dare as a federal Minister is very laudable. He is not only a politician but also a technocrat of international repute who will bring to bear, his rich pool of experience to galvanise the needed support for Mr. President’s Next Level Agenda. “It is noteworthy that Mr. Sunday Dare optimumly delivered in his previous public service assignments. Therefore, I have no iota of doubt that he has the required capacity to help move Nigeria to the next level of economic prosperity. I know him to be a results-oriented person; that fanaticism will be his strongest weapon as a member of the federal cabinet under President Muhammadu Buhari”. “I urge the Honourable Minister was posted to a very sensitive ministry – Youths and Sports. Therefore, he should give his best in tackling high wave of unemployment bedeviling the country. The success of his ministry is undoubtedly the success of Nigeria” “In the same vein, I congratulate all those who made ministerial list from the Southwest of Nigeria. They all have credible track records of performance and I urge them to do the Yoruba nation proud in their national callings”. Alao-Akala concluded by calling on the people of the state to support Mr. Dare in prayers as he resumes his new duty as a federal minister. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.