Nigerians on social have reacted to the recent ban pronounced by the world football governing body, FIFA, on Nigerian former player and coach, Samson Siasia. DAILY POST reported earlier that the former Super Eagles gaffer has been banned for life by FIFA over match fixing related issues. The former Nigerian attacker has since denied receiving any notification of the ban from FIFA. Some Nigerians took to Twitter to share their opinions on the development: @uchejumbo, “This Samson Siasia matter is bad for naija football…handed a life ban by FIFA and fined $50k for “accepting” to take bribes to manipulate games. Accepting. @JasparGenius, “I’m angry because Siasia could not even tell us about that game…we for stake am!” @Awka_made, “@FIFAcom only get harsh when it comes to Africa.
Lot’s of match fixing scandal’s have been rocking Europe, how many culprits have they banned. #EuropeTheHubOfMatchFixing.” The NFF has to quickly release a statement on this issue and distance itself for the sake of its reputation. @deejayFaremi, @He was also fined 50,000 Swiss Francs, which is just over 18 million Naira. Would be interesting to see if/how he pays that. @mbf_GCFR, “Who does that?
Banning him without even calling him to defend himself. He wasn’t even aware his name was mentioned in the case.” @Onyekachiu, “Hard to even remotely associate Sia1 with any form of corruption but then, you’d never really know what people are capable of. @bigtt67, “EFCC be warming up for him now…. I hope hsi mother was finally released from the kidnappers. Feel sad for him though.” @EnitanLagos, “I am ashamed. He is a family but dang! Like I am not even understanding but not totally shocked at the same time but wonder when folks will learn to take their fingers out of the cookie jar.” @Nwachimbi, “For how long are we going to hear these stories in @CAF_Online. Siasia is one of the continent’s soccer royalty. Afica doesn’t need this attention.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.