Liverpool legend, Jamie Carragher has identified Jordan Henderson, Georginio Wijnaldum and Joe Gomez as the first team players, who could lose their positions in manager, Jurgen Klopp’s squad this season. Carragher believes the trio positions at Liverpool are under threat due to the quality in the Reds’ squad. “I think this fella [Matip], because you’re alongside Virgil van Dijk, he doesn’t get talked about a lot. That’s normal, the other fella next to him is a superstar,” Carragher told Sky Sports. “But I couldn’t believe he didn’t start the season. And his performances at the back end of last season were outstanding. And actually when he’s come in I think he’s actually made a difference to Liverpool. “Obviously Joe Gomez can play right-back or centre-back, but for me at this moment it looks a bit more solid with Matip in there. He should be [first choice]. I think he is right now. “Liverpool’s back four and goalkeeper picks itself and there’s just one position – who is going to play alongside Virgil van Dijk. “And you need that within a squad. I always feel in a team there should be seven or eight absolute starters who know they are playing as soon as they are fit and everyone knows they are playing, and there should always be three or four positions up for grabs. “In this Liverpool team there are three or four positions up for grabs – the centre-back position and probably the centre-midfield positions either side of Fabinho. “I wouldn’t say they are up for grabs, the players who have got the shirt now [Jordan Henderson and Georginio Wijnaldum] are first choice but you could easily see Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain going in there, Naby Keita when he’s fit, James Milner. “The front three picks itself but you should always have three or four within a team who are up for grabs. Centre-back is one of them, at this moment it’s Joel Matip and I don’t see that changing,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.