Ahead of judgement to be delivered by the Abia State governorship election petition tribunal, the World Igbo Youth Congress, WIYC, has cautioned interested parties in the State to avoid instigating unnecessary tension. The youth group spoke through a statement issued by its President, Mazi Alex Okemiri on Saturday. WIYC alleged that it uncovered plot by some disgruntled politicians who were hiding under faceless groups to cause mischief. Okemiri lauded Governor Okezie Ikpeazu “for his strategic governance activities which have made Abia safer from insecurity challenges emanating from Fulani herdsmen, made Abia farmers safe and guaranteed food sufficiency.” He claimed that “one of the 2019 Abia guber candidates in one the opposition parties currently suspended by the party is employing one Igboayaka to smack the image and integrity of Abia State Government. “We know this faceless group had meetings in Lagos with the suspended Abia guber candidate where money exchanged hands to cause confusion, ahead of Abia Tribunal Judgement. “We observed that the hired thugs have no secretariat; from intelligence reports, these individuals were hired by the politician to disrupt peace ahead of Abia State Guber Tribunal Judgement. “We the members of the World Igbo Youth Congress ask Ikpeazu to disregard such faceless group sponsored by the opposition to cause confusion.” “We make bold to say that Governor Okezie Ikpeazu, within 100 days in office has demonstrated that peace is the hallmark of good governance and panacea for development. “We believe that the resuscitation of moribund Golden Guinea through Private Partnership will restore automatically a robost economy for the State. “We also back Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide led by Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro on the proposed consultative approach and meetings with South-West leaders on Igbo presidency project 2023,” he further stated. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.