Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Leader of the Islamic Movement of Nigeria, IMN, Sheikh Ibrahim El-ZakZaky and his wife, Zeenate, arrived Nigeria from India on Friday and were taken into custody by the Department of State Services (DSS). 2. Suspected killers of a Catholic Church Priest, Rev. Fr. Paul Offu were arrested on Friday by the Enugu State Police command. 3. FIFA, on Friday, announced a life ban for former Super Eagles coach, Samson Siasia for march fixing. 4. Nigerian university workers comprising the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities, SSANU, and Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities, NASU, under the auspices of the Joint Action Congress(JAC), yesterday, vowed to commence a one-week warning strike from Monday. 5. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Friday said the President Muhammadu Buhari Presidency was rotten
and reeks of incurable corruption, festering up to every level. 6. The Federal Government yesterday said Shiites leader, Ibrahim El-Zakzaky was repatriated from India over the acts of misconduct he exhibited over there. 7. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Friday, said it will, in the next few days, announce the time table for collection of Permanent Voter Card (PVC) and other activities ahead of the November 16th 2019 governorship poll in Bayelsa and Kogi states. 8. The Middle Belt Forum, MBF, on Friday, claimed that the killing of three policemen and a civilian by soldiers has vindicated former Minister of Defence, General Theophilus Danjuma (retd) that Nigeria is under siege. 9. Former Governor of Zamfara State Abdulaziz Yari, on Friday, prayed the Federal High Court Abuja, to direct the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to unseal his property located at Maitama, Abuja. 10. The Islamic Movement in Nigeria, IMN, otherwise known as Shittes, on Friday, expressed their displeasure over the way Ibrahim El-Zakzaky and his wife, were picked up at the airport by the Department State Services, DSS, on arrival from India on Friday. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.