The Supreme Head of the Cherubum and Seraphim Unification Church of Nigeria, Prophet Adegboyega Alao, has warned that Nigeria may be plunged into serious trouble, when President Muhammadu Buhari completes his second term in 2023. The cleric gave the warning on Saturday, during the closing ceremony of a three-day 47th annual general conference of Good Women Fellowship of The Sacred C & S of Nigeria and Overseas, with the theme: ‘A Praying Woman (I Sam. 1:1-18),’ at the church headquarters, Orita Bashorun, Ashi Road, Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. Alao enjoined the Federal Government to implement the reports of the 2014 Constitutional Conference organised by former President Goodluck Jonathan and also implement the recommendations of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Committee on Restructuring, chaired by Kaduna State governor, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai, in order to save the country from purportedly looming troubles. According to him, “Until we go back to the basis, there will be no peace in the country. Because when a child thinks he is wiser than his parents, there will be problem. The trio of Alhaji Ahmadu Bello, Dr Nnamidi Azikwe and Chief Obafemi Awolowo sat down and said this was the best for the country and it was the best. “We are not asking for the shifting of boundries. No. We are asking for constitutional federalism where states will grow at its pace and contribute its quota to the centre. Once that is done, the centre will be weak as opposed to when governors go cap-in-hand begging. “The problem is that the tiny minorities that is milking this country dried will not allow it, unless you and I rise. I am not agitating for violent revolution. But if care is not taken, the revolution is already building up. And before we know, we will enter the Egyptian revolution. “It will be a bad thing if Buhari leaves the scene and trouble starts if he has not done the right thing. He should lay the foundation to put this thing permanently in check. “I also wish to plead with the President to have a look at the report of Confab set up by the past administration and Mallam El-Rufai report and recommendations thereof. Nigeria will gain a lot by giving the report a good thought as what the majority of Nigerians are agitating for its true federalism, and if this would work as I believe it would, what do we lose? Those in opposition to true federalism are probably very few in the country.” Speaking on insecurity in the country and agitation for creation of state police, Alao said: “We must let the President to know that the security situation in this country is getting worrisome and something urgent must be done. We cannot continue like this. “Mr. President and Commandant-in-Chief of the Armed Forces must pay more attention to the worsening security in the country. In my considered view, cattle rearing or cattle ranching otherwise known as RUGA should be the least of its priority. Erratic power supply has become a major headache for the country and is leading to massive retrenchment. “An hungry man is an angry man, as an idle hand is a devil workshop. I am not an apostle of doom but most revolution have their roots in disenchanted citizens.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.