The Co-convener of Concerned Nigerian, Deji Adeyanju, on Sunday alleged that the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, was working towards ensuring that the South East will never produce Nigeria’s president. Adeyanju, who was condemning Kanu directive that IPOB members should attack President Muhammadu Buhari in Japan, insisted that the separatist was being sponsored. Buhari will depart Abuja on Sunday for Japan to participate in the Seventh Tokyo International Conference on African Development (TICAD7) holding in the City of Yokohama, August 28-30, 2019. Following the disclosure of Buhari’s trip, Kanu directed its members to ensure that the President was arrested and handed over to security agents because he’s an impostor. Reacting to the directive, Adeyanju maintained that Kanu was a business man, who was apparently creating problems for the South East to his benefit. In a statement he personally signed, Adeyanju stressed that the IPOB leader was being used by his sponsors to divide the South East. According to the right activist, Kanu was being used to cause a political rivalry between the North and South East. The statement reads: “Permit me to start with the words of Marthin Luther King: “In spite of temporary victories, violence never brings permanent peace. We adopt the means of nonviolence because our end is a community at peace with itself. We will try to persuade with our words, but if our words fail, we will try to persuade with our acts.” “You have heard me say before and I will say again, Nnamdi Kanu is only a business man looking for where to collect money. He is not driven by ideology or love for the Igbos. “After attacking his fellow Igbo brother, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, who played a significant role in ensuring his release from Kuje Prison in Germany, Kanu the businessman has called on some of his miscreants/supporters to attack President Buhari as he visits Japan. “Those who doubted me when I said Kanu is being sponsored by some elements in the North can now see the clear handwriting on the wall. How can any reasonable person openly call for an attack on the president of a nation on foreign soil? Even if you don’t like Buhari or what he represents, at least we must respect the fact that he is the president of our country. “Do you think Kanu does not know the danger of attacking Buhari in Japan? He knows but those sponsoring him are doing everything humanly possible to ensure no Igbo man ever rule Nigeria and also put peace loving Igbos in the North in danger by setting them up for reprisal attacks by Buhari’s fanatical supporters. “The other plot is also to use Kanu to divide Igbos by creating an atmosphere of war. The plan of the sponsors of Kanu is to provoke the political leaders in the South East, i.e -governors and other elected officials to the point that they will have no other option but to orchestrate attacks against Kanu and his supporters in retaliation. Kanu only worships money and will not stop the verbal attacks on Igbo leaders in as much as his paymasters continue to send him alerts.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.