Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1.Shi’ites leader in Nigeria, Sheikh Ibrahim El-Zakzaky, has arrived Delhi, Indian capital, for medical treatment. He was received by a medical team who conveyed him in a wheelchair to the hospital. El-Zakzaky and his wife traveled out of Nigeria on Monday at about 6:30 pm Nigerian time. 2.The Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN) has claimed that the Nigerian government, is frustrating the medical treatment of their leader, Ibrahim El-Zakzaky, in India. El-Zakzaky and his wife flew out of Nigeria on Monday, based on a leave granted by a Kaduna High Court. In a statement on Tuesday, secretary of academic forum of the movement, Abdullahi Musa, alleged that the federal government and some “security operatives working for the US” were conniving to ensure that the IMN leader would not be treated. Musa said the management of Madenta Hospital, New Delhi, had been threatened not to admit him for treatment. 3. The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), on Tuesday directed all airlines operating regional and international flights, to exercise a high level of vigilance to prevent incursion of Ebola virus into the country. This it said was in line with International Health Regulations (IHR). NCAA General Manager, Public Relations, Sam Adurogboye in a statement on Tuesday, said the warning followed esurgence of the Ebola Virus Disease (EVD) the in the Democratic Republic of Congo, the World Health Organisation (WHO) has declared the outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern (PHEIC). 4. President Muhammadu Buhari Tuesday in Daura, Katsina State, disclosed that he has warned the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to stop providing foreign exchange for importation of food into the country, with the steady improvement in agricultural production, and attainment of full food security. The President, who hosted All Progressives Congress (APC) governors to Eid-el-Kabir lunch at his country home in Daura, said the foreign reserve will be conserved and utilized strictly for diversification of the economy, and not for encouraging more dependence on foreign food import bills. 5. National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, yesterday, blamed the Nigerian media for the alleged rift between himself and Gov. Godwin Obaseki, describing his successor as his brother. Oshiomhole spoke when he received Obaseki, who led members of his cabinet to celebrate the Eid-el-Kabir festival with his former boss, at his Iyamoh residence in Estako West Local Government Area of Edo. Speaking to journalists after a closed-door meeting which lasted for about an hour, Oshiomhole said the meeting was not unusual as he was in constant touch with Obaseki. 6. Former Minister of Aviation and chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Femi Fani-Kayode has told former Military Head of State, Gen. Yakubu Gowon, that the various prayer sessions conducted by him would be wasted if he (Gowon) did not apologise to the Igbo over the genocide against them during the 1966 Civil War. The former Minister conveyed this in a statement he signed on Monday, adding that 300 Igbo army officers, including an Igbo Head of State, were murdered on July 29th, 1966 by northern army officers. 7. Bauchi Assembly of Youths Political Actors (BAYOPA) has threatened to initiate recall process against 17 members of the House of Assembly for rescinding their peace pact following the crisis in the House. Central coordinator of the group, Hashim Pali, told newsmen on Monday that they would mobilise the constituencies of the 17 aggrieved members to institute a recall process, if they failed to rejoin their colleagues in the next seven days. The group said it issued the ultimatum to ensure peace among the 31 members of the assembly for the state’s development. 8. As the two-week ultimatum given by the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, elapses, the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria, PFN has that said it will finally submit its report on the investigation of the rape allegation against Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo of Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA), this week. PFN President, Rev. Felix Omobude, said one of the concerned parties, early last week, asked for an extension of time.
9. An Indian-based Muslim group, Anjuman e-Haideri, has offered to bear the full medical costs of treating the leader of the proscribed Islamic Movement in Nigeria, IMN, Sheikh Ibraheem El-Zakzaky and his wife, Zeenat. Anjuman e-Haideri Islamic group, in a letter signed by the General Secretary, Mr. Bahadur Naqvi, and addressed to the Managing Director and Chief Surgeon of Medanta Hospital, Dr. Naresh Trehan, offered to foot all the medical costs incurred by El-Zakzakys in India. 10. Four persons have been feared killed after rampaging cultists attacked Okwale community, Khana Local Government Area of Rivers State. The armed cultists, it was gathered, attacked Okwale community in what sources have described as a reprisal attack. It is unclear if the four persons killed were cultists but the attack has forced many residents out of the community. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.