Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Nigerian Embassy in Germany on Monday said that those who attacked former Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, will be prosecuted under German laws. 2. No fewer than five persons were killed on Monday when two residential buildings collapsed in Kuraduge and Madachi villages of Kirikasamma Local Government Area of Jigawa State. 3. The Presidency, on Monday, said that it did not receive any letter of resignation from the Head of Service of the Federation, Winifred Oyo-Ita. This followed earlier report in a section of the media of her resignation. 4. Former Head Of State, General Abdulsalam Abubakar; Sokoto State Governor, Aminu Tambuwal and Niger State Governor, Alhaji Abubakar Sani Bello yesterday, called on the President Muhammadu Buhari government to work towards a full autonomy for the judiciary to enable them to carry out their duties unbiased and independently. 5. The Ekiti State government, yesterday, said it has begun the public shaming of sex offenders in the State. The government said it has started this move by making public a picture of an Anglican priest, Rev’d Asateru Gabriel, who was convicted of raping a seven-year-old girl. 6. The Election Petition Appeal Court panel sitting in Port Harcourt has dismissed an appeal by the Governorship Candidate of the African Action Congress, Biokpomabo Awara against the ruling of the tribunal on the issue of legal representation. 7. The Lagos State House of Assembly, on Monday, confirmed 35 out of the 38 nominees of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu for appointment as Commissioners and Special Advisers in the state. The House rejected three of the nominees, Ms Adekemi Ajayi-Bembe, Mr Obafemi George and Prince Olanrewaju Sanusi, during the confirmation at its plenary. 8. Former Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, Monday evening, said he was unruffled by the attack on him by members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra in Nuremberg, Germany at the weekend. He advised Nigerians, including Igbo leaders, to feel free to travel to any part of the world they wished to. 9. The German government has deported a new batch of Nigerian migrants less than 48 hours after the attack on former Deputy President of the Senate Ike Ekweremadu by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). 10. Human rights lawyer, Femi Falana (SAN) on Monday said that the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration knows those that are disturbing the peace of the country. He advised that Buhari should go after the terrorists, armed robbers, coup plotters and others. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.