The chairman of the Southeast Governors’ Forum, and Governor of Ebonyi State, Chief David Umahi has said that the problem with the members of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, is illiteracy. He said that majority of them were suffering from illiteracy and needed to be enrolled in school. Umahi made this known while addressing stakeholders of the state during the flag off/ launch of Better Education Service Delivery for All, BESDA, that took place at Akanu Ibiam international conference centre, Abakaliki, Ebonyi state capital. He said: “We have 13.5 percent dropout of school children in Nigeria, this is very dangerous. For me, education is everything. Education is health, education is security. “I was addressing the press today on the unfortunate attack on our brother the former Deputy Senate President, Senator Ike Ekweremadu in Germany. Those that attacked him were not medical Doctors or Engineers or Lawyers or Chief Executives of parastatals or industries. “Even if they were least educated people of IPOB members, they wouldn’t do what they did. And so, it is lack of education. Lack of education brings frustrations and that is a clear case of what happened. “And so as we make efforts today, to bring back these children who probably would be attacking us in England, or in America tomorrow, we should know that the slogan in our dear state that every child is your child whether is your biological child or not. “We should bear in mind that the only way to safeguard the future of your children and your own future and to have a very peaceful evening, is to preserve the future of the children,” he noted. Meanwhile, the Senate committee chairman on sports, Senator Obinna Ogba representing Ebonyi Central Senatorial zone, has tasked the German police authorities to prosecute the attackers of Ekweremadu to avert further occurrence. He said: “the former Deputy Senate President Ekweremadu was in the German city to speak at the Second Annual Cultural Festival and Convention organized by Ndi-Igbo Germany when he was attacked by some miscreants claiming that he did not represent the southeast appropriately. “What happened was a serious security threat to Igbo leaders and must not be treated with kid glove. It was a national embarrassment and the miscrants must not be allowed to go unpunised. Rather than being remorseful to the dastardly act, some persons are offering money for our leaders to be molested and humiliated in far away countries. “If there is any issue anyone holds against the governors or other Igbo leaders, they should come home to settle it in Igboland instead of a foreign land. The act must be condemned to avoid a further occurrence,” he noted. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.