The opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Friday accused President Muhammadu Buhari and the All Progressives Congress, APC, of desperation to invent any means to drag down its presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar. It also alleged that the desperation followed the inability of the ruling party and Buhari to defend their victory on the February 23, presidential election. PDP, therefore, explained that it was on this premise the APC allegedly invented all manners of fabrications, allegations and insults against the peoples’ candidate, Atiku Abubakar. PDP spokesman, Kola Ologbondiyan said this in a statement in Abuja, and urged the Buhari Presidency and the APC to leave Atiku Abubakar alone and face their alleged self-inflicted resentment from Nigerians. He also alleged that it was the Buhari misrule that generated agitations by compatriots on all fronts of the society. Ologbondiyan stated that, “it is despicable that the Buhari Presidency and the APC have not yet realized that Nigerians are aware that since their defence fell apart at the Presidential Election Petitions Tribunal, they have become nervous and desperate to invent any means to frame and drag down Atiku Abubakar; a plot that has already failed. “It is indeed not surprising that the APC, in its desperation, is now playing opposition, which is a role fitting of it, being that it does not have the mandate of the people; the very reason it cannot command the respect, loyalty and support of the citizens in the midst of its misrule. “The PDP maintains that Atiku Abubakar, as a leader of choice, has never faltered in displaying the highest sense of patriotism, restrain and decorum in his positions on national issues and, standing with overwhelming majority of Nigerians, cannot be intimidated or distracted from pursing the retrieval of his stolen Presidential mandate at the tribunal. “Instead of fixating on Atiku, the APC should help the Commander-in-Chief to provide answers for escalated insecurity in our country under his watch; with insurgents, marauders, bandits and kidnappers holding our nation hostage and turning her into a killing field and large funeral palour in the last four years. “Furthermore, the APC should rather be helping President Buhari to answer Nigerians on how his administration wrecked our once robust economy, entrenched corruption, frittered trillions of naira, turned our nation
into world poverty capital and foisted joblessness.” The party also accused the ruling party of being responsible for the prevailing acute hunger and starvation; human right abuses and downright impunity. Ologbondiyan affirmed that it was the aforestated allegations that influenced spurred resentment to the extent that Nigerians allegedly became now desperate to take their destinies in the hands with many resorting to suicide and
slavery missions abroad. The opposition party said the APC should look inwards, do some soul searching and face the alleged miseries it sired instead of seeking for a scapegoat where there is none. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.