The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), on Thursday in Kano, charged telecommunications Service providers to evolve measures towards safeguarding their numerous customers from the dubious activities of cybercrime. In her address at the 52nd edition of Consumer Town Hall meeting, held at the Institute for Information Technology in Kura, Kano State, the Director, Consumer Affairs, Mrs Felicia Onwueguchalam, expressed disgust, over the alarming increase of cybercrime in the country. According to her,: ”There is no doubt that cybercrime is on the increase, and it is my sincere hope that each of the service providers will demonstrate clearly to their esteemed customers, measures that they have put in place on their various networks, as well as the role they think their customers should play towards safeguarding them from the effects of cybercrime. Mrs Onwuegbuchalam, who was represented by her deputy, Alhaji Ismaila Adedigba, said the Commission is committed to using its various outreach programmes to embark on series of awareness campaigns, with a view to keeping consumers well informed on the risks associated with being in line, enlightening them on the safety measures to be taken once they use connected devices, as simple as feature phone, smartphones and other more sophisticated internet-enabled devises. The Town Hall meeting, with the theme: ”Mitigating Effects of Cybercrimes: The Role of Telecom Consumers” enumerated that the Commission is one of the most effective ways to protect telecom consumers from the effects of cybercrimes is through continuous consumer education and awareness. She said: ”The Commission has embarked on various initiatives to increase access to the internet to Nigerians for positive engagements, we are nevertheless, conscious of dishonest individuals, who are bent on using the internet for illegal activities.” Mrs Onwuegbuchalam, said consumers remain important stakeholders in the current cyberspace, where individual and corporate users of telecom devices often make use of the internet in our connected world, as such, the Commission believes that without consumers becoming ware of cybercrime trends and making efforts to ensure safe use of connected devices, cybercriminals will continue to make cyberspace unsafe. ”Since we started organizing these events some years back, we have treated different thematic topics, which have produced key resolutions that have been communicated to service providers for implementation. Indeed, this has helped to guaranteed improved services and value for money spent on telecoms services for the Consumers and as such telecoms consumers have been the ultimate beneficiaries of the event over the years.” She, however, enjoined the participants to take full advantage of the occasion to be well informed and educated on how they can be protected in the cyberspace as telecom consumers.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.