The Visitation Panel set up by the Ogun State government to look into issues surrounding crisis at the Tai Solarin College of Education, TASCE, Omu-Ijebu, has recommended urgent and full implemention of recommendations of the 2016 staff audit report as some of the issues confronting the institution had been resolved by the report. Chairman of the panel, Prof. Kamaldeen Balogun, stated this on Friday, when the panel submitted its reports and 33 recommendations to Governor Dapo Abiodun in his office at Oke-Mosan, Abeokuta. Prof. Balogun who described the situation at the institution as “complete mess”, said the audit report had dealt with the case of those who disturbed the peace of the school and had recommended that eight people should be investigated as result of their involvement in many atrocities against the institution. The panel recommended that for “peace to reign in the campus of the College, activities of Coalition of Tai Solarin College of Education Staff (COTAS), which is unregistered and unrecognized Association be stopped, while the ban on activities of recognized unions be lifted”. Balogun said it was imperative for the state government to reopen the institution in order not to loose it license and accreditation while its Governing Council should be reconstituted, to avoid the state of anarchy and further damage. He urged government to endeavor to pay three months salary to the staff, adding that the five recommendations were the immediate solutions to the problems and the rest for short and long time Solutions. In his remarks, Abiodun said government could not afford toying with the College as doing so would mean playing with the future of our youths of the State who crave for quality education. “Government will look into the five cogent ones and decide on them. I want to assure you that we will look into all the 33 recommendations and make our decision”, he noted. Abiodun commended members of the panel for demonstrating high degree of commitment, responsibility and patriotism by completing their assignment a week ahead. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.