President Muhammadu Buhari, on Wednesday, said his administration’s investment in infrastructure like rails, roads, bridges and waterways have started yielding positive results with tangible evidence for all to see. Speaking at the commissioning of the reconstructed Shinkafi-Yandaki-Gafiya—Abdallawa-Dankaba road in Katsina, as part of activities during his visit to the state, the President said the special attention given to infrastructure by his administration would be intensified, since the investments had been justified with more people benefiting. “Infrastructure is vital to economic development. As you are aware, this administration has given special attention to infrastructural transformation of our country. “This is in consonance with the change philosophy of the administration. Such projects and programs form part of our contribution to national development, which are tangible for all to see,” he said. He commended the strategy by Governor Aminu Bello Masari’s administration to make roads motorable throughout the year for citizens, adding “we all know that the economy of Katsina State is agrarian. Our wealth is farming and livestock rearing. Hence the need to open it up through and across all communities so as to maximally tap the abundant agricultural and livestock resources the state is endowed with.” In his remark, Governor Masari said the government “had all along been mindful of the need for infrastructural development across the nooks and crannies of the state.’’ He said the decision had “efficiently and effectively facilitated smooth movement of people, goods and services on trade and commerce, not only within Katsina State but across other neighbouring states.’’ The Governor noted that the economy of the state and wellbeing of the people had improved with the focus on infrastructure. President Buhari will commission more projects in the state on Thursday, according to his spokesman, Garba Shehu. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.