Deputy Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, Hon. Toby Okechukwu has commended the Governor of Enugu State, Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, on steps taken to address security challenges in Agwu and adjoining Local Government Areas of the state. Recall that Ugwuanyi had on Monday visited the Umuogbua Ihe tunnel along Enugu-Port Harcourt expressway by Awgu Local Government Area, which is been used as a hide-out and escape route for kidnappers operating in the area. Gov. Ugwuanyi also visited the Ihe-Agbogugu-Ogbaku-Amurri and Isu-Awaa-Agbudu forests in the same local government area where he ordered the immediate demolition of Agbogugu and Isu-Awaa-Agbudu caves to enhance the security of the areas. Reacting to the directive, Okechukwu, who represents Aninri/Awgu/Oji River Federal Constituency, described the decision of Ugwuanyi to personally lead security agencies to comb and identify suspected criminal hideouts in the area such as caves, tunnels, and thick forests as bold and exemplary. In a statement released on Wednesday, the lawmaker said: “I must commend the Governor on behalf of our constituency for taking the battle of sustaining Enugu’s position as one of the most secured States of the country to criminals hideouts. “For decades, criminal elements have exploited the area as launch pads, escape routes, and hideouts for robberies, kidnappings, and other nefarious operations. “But by taking the battle to their dens and making these hideouts inaccessible to criminals, one can boldly say that security challenges in this part of Enugu State will soon become a thing of the past. “Additionally, the creation of more checkpoints in that axis, ongoing recruitment of Forest Guards across the state as well as the manpower boosting and monthly stipends for the neighbourhood watch groups will further enhance security in the state”. The Deputy Minority Leader, however, took a swipe at some social media commenters, who peddle fake news and uninformed commentaries on the security situation in Enugu State and the governor’s security actions in Awgu LGA and environs. “As lawmakers, we interact with our colleagues from other states and can unequivocally assert that Enugu State rated as one of the foremost states where residents can gainfully engage in their socio-economic activities without let or hindrance. “As a Governor that leads from the front, our people are totally confident that we are all secure under his leadership. Our commitment as citizens is to compliment and reinforce the measures, which he has rightly taken”, he added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.