Police in Anambra State have arrested five members of a robbery syndicate, whose member was earlier nabbed with a Beretta pistol belonging to the police, last week. The initial suspect, Sunday Onyema had been arrested in Onitsha while driving a bus in the wee hours of the morning from Asaba to Onitsha. A press release by the spokesperson of the Anambra Police command stated that Onyema was suspected to be a member of a one-chance syndicate. Haruna in a release made available to DAILY POST said five suspects suspected to be working with Onyema have been apprehended. He said, “It would be recalled that on the 7th August, 2019 at about 6.47am, puff-adder operatives in conjunction with patrol team attached to operation kpochapu while on stop and search duty at Upper Iweka in Onitsha intercepted a bus with registration number UKP- 108-ZU coming from Asaba and after a thorough search they recovered a Police Beretta pistol with breech number AO-4909Z loaded with seven rounds of life ammunition, one expanded ammunition and Six different handsets in possession of one Sunday Onyema ‘m’ aged 35years of orlu in Imo State. “Discreet investigation by Police detectives attached to the Command Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) further led to the arrests of five additional suspects who belonged to the same syndicate at different locations within Orlu LGA of Imo State, Nsukka in Enugu State and Oba in Idemili South LGA of Anambra State. “The suspects are Felix Chukwujiama ‘m’ aged 33 years of Oba, Anambra State, Oluchukwu Anyafule ‘m’ aged 32 years of Oba Anambra State, Ikechukwu Ibezim ‘m’ aged 35 years of Nkwelle, Orlu,Imo State, Ikechukwu Igwe ‘m’ aged 35 years of Orlu Imo State and, Emeka Mama ‘m’ aged 34 years of Nsukka Enugu State respectively.” Haruna said exhibits recovered from the suspects in addition to the barreta pistol ealier recovered includes, One English chief revolver pistol, One locally made double barrel pistol, Five live cartridges and one .9mm live ammunition. He said the suspects would be charged to court at the conclusion of investigation. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.