The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Tuesday, accused the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, of partisan conspiracy designed to deploy some alleged compromised security operatives against opposition parties in Kogi State. It also alleged that the prevailing situation was a desperate bid to re-elect Governor Yahaya Bello of the state come November 16. PDP, therefore, charged the hierarchy of the army, police and Department of State Services, DSS to speak out on the abduction of its Okene Local government chairman, Musa Adelabu whose abduction it was alleged was by gunmen dressed in military fatigue. The opposition party’s spokesman, Kola Ologbondiyan said this in a statement in Abuja. In his words, “This situation has heightened apprehensions of high-level partisan conspiracy to use some compromised security operatives against the opposition in Kogi state, in a desperate bid to foist the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the failed Governor Yahaya Bello on the people of Kogi state. “PDP charges the hierarchy of the Army,
Police and the Ddepartment of State Services (DSS) to speak out on the
abduction of its Okene local government Chairman, Musa Adelabu, by
gunmen reportedly dressed in military fatigue. “The party expressed worries that three days after his abductors reportedly dared his family members that they were acting on orders from above, there had been no trace of his whereabouts. “Moreover, it is completely unacceptable that since the public outcry by our party and members of his family over his violent abduction and despite the demands for his release, the high commands of the military, the police and the DSS have failed to speak out on the matter. “This situation has heightened apprehensions of high-level partisan
conspiracy to use some compromised security operatives against the opposition in Kogi state, in a desperate bid to foist the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the failed Governor Yahaya Bello on the people of Kogi state. “Already, there is an ominous tension in Kogi state following intelligence reports filtering into the public domain that our LG
Chairman is being tortured by his captors in a secret facility where his life is now in great danger”. Further, the party said such provocative situation was capable of sparking off serious crisis in Kogi state, which location as gateway and convergence state, means a lot of dire consequences for the nation, in the event of any disturbances in the area. It, therefore, claimed it was completely unacceptable for the security high command not to be forthcoming with concrete statement or decisive action to secure Adelabu’s release despite calls by the PDP and people of Kogi state. Besides, the PDP called on President Muhammadu Buhari, as the Commander-in-Chief of the armed forces to address his parade and ensure the release of the abductee. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.