The Governor of Enugu State, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi has assured corps members posted to the state of their safety during their service year. He stated that the state remained among the safest states in the country. Governor Ugwuanyi, who further urged corps members to serve as agents of change through patriotism and discipline to foster national cohesion and rapid development, gave this charge during the swearing in ceremony of over 1557 batch B stream 11 corps members at the NYSC orientation camp in Awgu, Enugu State. “My dear corps members, I want to assure you of the determination of this administration in combating crime and eliminating insecurity in any guise. The ongoing recruitment of 1700 forest guards to complement the efforts of law enforcement agents is a testimony of our effort in keeping Enugu state safe and secure. “You are, therefore, safe in any part of the state you may be posted to for your primary assignment after the orientation programme. I wish you a successful orientation programme and rewarding service year,” he said. Ugwuanyi, represented by the Secretary to the State Government, SSG, Prof, Simon Otuanya, urged the corps members to in the spirit of answering the clarion call, render dedicated service to the nation. While commending NYSC for the priority giving to skills acquisition and other youth empowerment programmes during the orientation course, promised that his administration would continue to give the welfare of corps members priority attention. “My dear compatriots, today’s ceremony ushers you into service to our beloved country. During the one year period, you will be fulfilling the desire of our nation to develop and prepare her youth for their future role of steering the ship of development in the country. “I urge you to be disciplined and patriotic. You see yourselves as agents of change and endeavour to be the best the country would be proud of. You must shun corruption and embrace integrity and humility. To be the great leader of tomorrow, you must lay a foundation with your participation in this programme. “This is an opportunity for you to make your own contribution to the important task of the nation-building. You are expected to participate fully in skill acquisition training provided by NYSC. Your obligation is to make the best of this opportunity and become an important part of the history of this laudable programme”, he said. Earlier, in an address, the NYSC state coordinator, Mr Gabriel Dewan, who welcomed corps members, thanked them for demonstrating support and commitment to the realisation of the noble objectives of NYSC scheme. He reminded them that every corps member must successfully pass through the four phases of NYSC programme to qualify for issuance of certificate. Dewan pointed out that the skill acquisition and entrepreneurship development was for the corps members to learn vocational skill during orientation and throughout the service year and to set up a business of their own after service instead of searching for job. “My dear corps members, for you to benefit from this course and have a successful service, you must participate in all the camp activities which are compulsory, obey the camp rules and respect camp officials as indiscipline will not be tolerated. “The orientation course is the first of the four cardinal programmes of the NYSC. Others include Primary assignment, community development service and winding-up/ passing out. Every corps members must successfully pass through these phase of the NYSC programme to qualify for issuance of the certificate of National Service at the end of the service”, he said. Dewan while commending Gov Ugwuanyi’s assistance for providing steady electricity to the orientation camp, appealed for a utility vehicle to enhance the operations of the scheme in the state. Enugu State Chief Judge, Justice Precilia Emehelu, who swore in a total of 1557 corps members at the event, urged them to participate fully in skill acquisition training provided by NYSC to boost the economy of the country. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.