Liverpool legend, has predicted Chelsea to beat Leicester City in Sunday’s Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge. He also tipped Manchester United to defeat Wolves on Monday in the Premier League and Liverpool to defeat Southampton on Saturday. According to him, Manchester City will beat Tottenham Hotspur on Saturday, while Arsenal will defeat Burnley at Emirates. “For half an hour at the very least, Chelsea were the better team at Old Trafford on Sunday,” Lawrenson told BBC Sport. “You could look at the 4-0 scoreline and think the Blues were battered, but they weren’t. “They are going to have to be a lot tighter defensively against the other top teams, though, and while it was great to see Blues boss Frank Lampard play some younger players, there is a danger you can play too many. “It was a bold selection, but I think it was too bold. “Things will get easier for Lampard, who has got players like Willian and Antonio Rudiger on their way back from injury and N’golo Kante not far from full fitness, but having played the Super Cup on Wednesday will not help his preparations for his first home game in charge of the Blues. “I would still back Chelsea to take the three points though. “Leicester will be tricky opponents but, while a lot of people seem to just assume they will have a really good season, my thinking is more along the lines of ‘wait and see’. “I still feel like they rely too heavily on Jamie Vardy for goals. If teams sit in against them, and deny Vardy space, then who is going to make the difference in front of goal?” Commenting on Wolves vs Man United game, Lawrenson said: “United got a great result against Chelsea, and a 4-0 win was the perfect way for them to start the season – but let’s see if they can build on it over the course of the campaign. “To do that, they will need to find a way to beat teams like Wolves, who did so well against the top six sides last season, and beat United at Molineux in the league and FA Cup. “Wolves are well organised and will sit in and nullify United’s threat on the counter-attack, so there is no way this match will be as wide open as Saturday’s game at Old Trafford was. “Instead United will need nous and creativity to break Wolves down. Realistically they are looking at Paul Pogba to provide most of that, so a lot depends on him.” Speaking on Man City vs Tottenham game, Lawrenson added: “Tottenham were pretty unimpressive until the final 20 minutes of their win over Aston Villa, but that doesn’t matter – they got the win, which is what the top teams do when they don’t play well. “City were a lot more like their usual selves in their big win against West Ham, but I am expecting a much tighter game here because Spurs have got the weapons to hurt them on the break. “I still expect Pep Guardiola’s side to win, but it is not going to be straightforward.” On Liverpool vs Southampton match, he said: “Liverpool do not have much of a turnaround between Wednesday’s Super Cup in Istanbul and Saturday’s trip to St Mary’s. “I still think the Reds will win on the south coast though. “I did not expect Southampton to win at Burnley last weekend but I was amazed by how ordinary they looked.” Commenting on Arsenal vs Burnley, Lawrenson said: “Both of these teams had comfortable wins on the opening weekend but it is hard to see Burnley picking up another three points this time. “Arsenal are at home and they will be stronger than they were when they won at Newcastle, because no way was that their best team that started the game.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.