A gang of Armed hoodlums suspected to be hired killers yesterday invaded the home a former Senator, Nimi Barigha-Amange, at his Yenagoa residence. Senator Nimi-Barigha-Amange, was a former Senator for the Bayelsa East constituency between 2007 and 2011, and a member of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP. DAILY POST learnt that the armed invasion of his home occurred around 2pm on Tuesday with two armed men with A.K 47 rifles gaining entrance into his house through the back fence with the aide of a long stool. Some residents attributed the incident to the rising insecurity in the state capital with operatives of the Bayelsa Police command engaging in constant raids, while others claimed the recent cry among politicians of alleged security breach of their home is not unconnected with the battle within some political parties in the state. Senator Barigha-Amange, who confirmed the development in a telephone chat with DAILY POST, said he was yet to discover where the attack is coming from but said the gunmen thought he came home in his vehicle and decided to perpetuate their evil plan. “They jumped into my compound, with one covering his head hooded and the other’s face was left opened.” “They entered and discovered I was not in the vehicle that entered. They decided to ransack everywhere. And jumped back from where they came.’ It was also gathered that the gunmen abandoned the long stool with which they scaled the fence. Senator Barigha-Amange also confirmed to newsmen that a similar incident had occurred about three weeks ago, with gunmen gaining access into his compound at noon and ordering the security guard at the gate to lead them to his apartment. According to him,” the small gate was opened and the men walked in wielding assault rifles and held my gateman hostage with the order that he leads them to where I was. The man was leading them to the main house when he bolted away from their hold and started shouting for help. The men ran outside into a waiting vehicles and left.” Barigha-Amange said he had filed a report at the Ekeki Division of the State Police Command and has asked his lawyers to file a complaint to the Nigerian Police and the Department of State Security. He, however, said he cannot trace the recent breach of his home to anyone or group of persons. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.