The Ogun State Police Command has narrated how four men of the Nigerian Army allegedly killed two civilians and injured several others on Tuesday during a party at Isheri Olofin, a border town between Ogun and Lagos States. In a statement by the police spokesperson, Abimbola Oyeyemi, he said four men of the Nigerian Army, believed to be from Ikeja Cantonment and posted to Kara Market, left their beats and went to Isheri Olofin, where the indigenes of the town were celebrating their annual “Isheri Day”. The soldiers, according to Oyeyemi, had a minor disagreement with some youths when they got to the event, causing the soldiers to start shooting sporadically into the air. One Damilare Adelani, DAILY POST learnt, was hit by bullets and he died on the spot. Oyeyemi said the ‘ugly incident’ infuriated the people at the scene who in turn reacted violently against the soldiers, leaving one of the soldiers and three other civilians injured. The police spokesperson added that the soldiers quickly took their injured colleague to a hospital (name withheld) where they met one of the injured civilians being attended to by a Medical Doctor on duty. According to the police, a statement from the officials of the hospital revealed that the soldiers ordered the Doctor at gunpoint, to leave the injured man and attend to their colleague. It was gathered that the soldiers allegedly dragged the patient out of the bed and subsequently stabbed him to death with a bayonet attached to the muzzle of his rifle. The statement reads: “Credible Information at the disposal of the Command has it that on the said date, four men of the Nigerian Army believed to be from Ikeja Cantonment and posted to Kara Market, left their beats and went to Isheri Olofin, a border town between Lagos and Ogun State where the indigenes of the town were celebrating their annual “Isheri Day”. “The Soldiers, on getting there, had a minor disagreement with some youths which made the soldiers to start shooting sporadically into the air. Consequently, one Damilare Adelani was hit by bullets and he died on the spot. The ugly incident infuriated the people at the scene who in turn reacted violently against the soldiers leaving one of the soldiers and three other civilians injured.” “The Soldiers quickly took their injured colleague to a hospital (name with-held) where they met one of the injured civilians being attended to by a Medical Doctor on duty. The Statement from the officials of the hospital reveals that the Soldiers ordered the Doctor on gun-point, to leave the injured man and attend to their colleague. They then dragged the patient out of the bed and subsequently stabbed him to death with a Bayonet attached to the muzzle of his rifle.” Oyeyemi stated further that “the Commissioner of Police, Bashir Makama has ordered a full scale investigation into the “Isheri Day” shooting incident, with a view to bringing the suspects to justice.” He added that the Command had contacted the military authorities in Ogun State, adding that “efforts are in place to ensure that the suspected killer(s) are brought to book.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.