Ex-Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemate, Gedoni Ekpata has reassured that his relationship with his love interest, Khafi Kareem is beyond the reality show. Gedoni said that he would be opened to date his co-star, Khafi after the ongoing BBNaija show ends. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Gedoni, who was part of the romantic pair, Khadoni, while in the show revealed his intentions in an interview with host, Ebuka Obi-Uchendu, host of the programm Big Brother Naija (BBNaija). He said, “I see a future with Khafi outside the house. I don’t know how she feels but this is my thought. She is a keeper.” When asked to address the sex rumours, Gedoni told Ebuka that he would prefer Khafi answers the question when the show is over. Gedoni said: “I think I will allow Khafi to ask whether we had sex or not. There were intense moments but sex, no.” “I had noticed her before then. I had really noticed her before then. “I looked at this character and she just radiated love, kindness, everything I would want to associate myself with.” When asked if he loved Khafi as much as she loved him, Gedoni said, “You give out as much as you receive. “If Khafi was very expressive, there were certain things people were not seeing that she was enjoying. “For me, I had my own way and I was not very vocal or shouting about it but Khafi is not one to keep quiet. Ebuka also confronted Gedoni on his flirting and impending love triangle in Biggie’s House with Venita Akpofure. He maintained his earlier response that he had no feelings for her. He said, “I didn’t think for a second I was going to date Venita. I was never in love with Venita. On Venita’s obvious flirting, Gedoni said he might have gotten it wrong but he wanted to play the game. He said, “Khafi didn’t like it but she didn’t tell me until we had the talk and I told her I heard Venita had done the same thing to another couple. “That was when she understood the game and said go ahead.” NAN reports that Gedoni was evicted during the last Sunday eviction show, alongside Jackye. His eviction left Khafi shaken and in tears. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.