Reno Omokri, former aide to ex-president Goodluck Jonathan and other Nigerians have reacted to the arrest of Taraba State kidnap kingpin, Hamisu Bala, popularly known as Wadume. DAILY POST had reported that Wadume was re-arrested from his hideout in Hotoro area of Kano State, following intelligence alert. A statement by the Force Public Relations Officer, Frank Mba, on Tuesday disclosed that the wanted kidnapper was currently undergoing interrogation at the Force Headquarters in Abuja. Wadume escaped after soldiers attacked and killed policemen who had captured him. The incident occurred along Ibi-Wukari road in Taraba State on August 6. Nigeria’s Chief of Defence Staff, Gen Abayomi Gabriel Olonisakin had constituted a 7 man Joint Investigation Panel to probe the incident. Reacting to Wadume’s arrest, Omokri commended IGP Mohammed Adamu for swift action and arrest of Wadume. The former presidential spokesman on his Twitter page wrote: “The arrest and re-arrest of Wadume by the police is commendable. “I want to go on record as acknowledging that the current IG of the Nigerian Police, Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, is one of very, very, very, few bright spots in General Buhari’s government.” Here are other comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Yeribaba2 “So glad the Police got Wadume. Let all Perpetrators be brought to justice.” @Bashow87 “This man should be kept safe in the “central bank ” HE must not die in custody o.” @Ugwuokoro “No more hiding place for the soldiers that rescued him. it is time to know those colluding with the kidnappers
HEAD WILL ROLL.” @SoladoyeojoTwi1 “I am really proud of Nigerian police.The arrest of Wadume is an inspired one .NPF have proved to Nigerians that you’re capable.More grease to your elbows.” @Reubenmalik5 “We hope the Truth will come this time, can’t wait.” @Osbayo_94 “Hoping Wadume’s case won’t be delayed like Evans! @Angela2010455 “Is Wadume’s case not enough to ask Buratai to take a bow and go? @Tavish_A “Hopefully the Military officers behind this mastermind will be fished out.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.