Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The leadership of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has debunked reports credited to the presidency, which stated that President Mubammadu Buhari is in Japan to participate in the Seventh Tokyo International Conference on African Development (TICAD7) holding in the City of Yokohama. The group claimed that Buhari is in Oman instead. The IPOB assured its members across the globe of its resolve to ensure that they have initiated moves to push for the arrest of Buhari whenever he is sighted in Japan. 2. The Lagos State House Assembly, on Tuesday set-up a committee to investigate the purchase of 820 buses by the administration of former governor Akinwunmi Ambode in the state. The House said it was important to investigate the purchase of the 820 buses out of the 5,000 buses proposed by Ambode for mass transit in the state, but which was purchased despite objection by the House of Assembly. In a motion, Hon. Gbolahan Yishawu (Eti Osa 2), noted that at the Executive/ Legislative parley held at Golden Tulip in FESTAC in September 2017, Ambode informed the lawmakers that 5,000 buses would be bought by the state government. 3. Niger Delta Youths on Tuesday issued the Federal Government a twenty-one-day ultimatum to handover the pipeline Surveillance job to them or be ready to face the consequences of their actions.The youths handed down the ultimatum under the auspices of Host Communities of Nigeria Producing Oil and Gas, HOSTCOM. HOSTCOM National Youth President, Dennis Ariaga said, they are not happy with President Muhammadu Buhari for not keeping to his promise to handover the pipeline surveillance to them after 10000 of the youths have been recruited and well trained two years ago. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday approved the immediate termination of the appointment of the Executive Secretary of the Nigerian Christian Pilgrim Commission, NCPC, Rev. Tor Ujah. This was contained in a statement by the Director (Information) at the office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Willie Bassey on Tuesday. The government said the termination was in line with the provision of Section 4, Sub-Section 3 of the Nigerian Christian Pilgrim Commission Act. 5. Senior Pastor of the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly, COZA, Biodun Fatoyinbo, was interrogated at the Police Force CID Headquarters in Abuja on Tuesday over the rape allegations made against him by Mrs Busola Dakolo. Fatoyinbo was interviewed by a team of four policemen led by Asst Commissioner of Police Adaku Uche Anya. Fatoyinbo was later granted administrative bail by the Police. 6. Counsel to the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, Sylva Ogwemoh SAN, in the Akwa Ibom State Governorship Election Petition Tribunal has said that the commission did not find it necessary to call witnesses. He said this was because the All Progressives Congress (APC) and its governorship candidate, Nsima Ekere had not given them any reason to have done that. Ogwemoh said the burden to prove allegations in the petition rests on the petitioners, a duty they have failed to perform. 7. The Gubernatorial Primary Election Screening Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Bayelsa State has disqualified the former Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), Cross Rivers State, Dr. Briyai Oyeins Frankland for not being a card-carrying member of the party for up to one calendar year. Those cleared for the August 29th Governorship primaries of the Party were Prince Ebitimi Amgbare, Engr. Preye Aganaba, Mrs. Diseye Poweigha, Mr. Lyon David, Professor Ongoebi Etebu and Senator Heineken Lokpobiri. The committee said Dr. Briyai Frankland was not cleared and disqualified on the ground of Section 3 paragraph ‘L’ of the guideline for nomination of candidates. 8. The Permanent Secretary of Ministry of Lands and Urban Development in Enugu State, Augustine Udeh, who was abducted on Sunday evening between Isu-Awaa and the University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital (UNTH) Ituku-Ozalla, along the Enugu-Port Harcourt Expressway, has been rescued. Speaking on phone, Mr. Udeh who has reunited with his family, said he is hale and hearty and thanked God for his rescue. The Permanent Secretary, who disclosed that no ransom was paid, also thanked Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State for his swift interventions, especially the effective security measures his administration has put in place, which he said saw to his release. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday, approved a new 16-man board of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). Dr. Pius Odubu from Edo State is now the chairman. A statement signed by the Permanent Secretary (General Services Office), office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Olusegun Adekunle, on behalf of the SGF, however, said that the appointment was subject to the confirmation of the Senate. The list is subject to Senate confirmation and approval.
10. Police in Anambra State on Tuesday confirmed that a man who was identified as a pastor with Lord’s Chosen Church on Tuesday morning killed his mother in Anambra. The man, identified as Pastor Nwabueze Anaka was said to have stabbed his mother to death at Oraifite in Ekwusigo local government area of Anambra State. The pastor escaped after the incident, leaving the corpse of his mother in the pool of her blood. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.