A woman has allegedly tortured her daughter to death in Akure, the Ondo State capital. The woman whose identity is yet to be ascertained was said to have rushed the daughter believed to be within the age of 4 years to the Ondo State University Teaching Hospital, Akure Annex. The incident reportedly happened on Wednesday night when the woman reportedly brought in the dead girl into the hospital, with suspected marks of horsewhip visible on the girl’s body. According to some members of staff of the government-owned hospital, the woman escaped with the child’s corpse which was brought to the Children’s
Outpatients Department (COPD) of the hospital. “The woman brought in the girl to the hospital at the children’s emergency ward for treatment. “As we tried to attend to her, we notice that she had maltreated the girl to the point of death. “If you see the body of the girl, it was a case of Child Abuse as there serious marks of beaten all over her. “By the time the doctor on duty could rush and attend to her, it was discovered that she even brought the child dead. “The doctor had to quickly tell the woman that the young kid she brought to the hospital was dead already. “Before you know it, the woman grabbed the girl and ran away from the hospital facility”. One of the doctors on duty when the incident occurred confirmed the incident, noting that the child was brought in dead (DOB) by the mother. The doctor who craved anonymity stated that “Immediately she (the woman) brought in the child dead to the hospital, we tried to resuscitate her but there was no life again. “And before we knew it, the woman grabbed the corpse of her child and ran outside the hospital facility. “All effort to trace her has since proven abortive because we did not know how she just manage to escape from the hospital facility,” the doctor said. Also, confirming the incident, the Administrative Secretary of the hospital, Dayo Owoseni disclosed that, “I only heard about the incident this morning and we have called on the doctor on duty to come over and explained what happened to us. “Although, the Chief Medical Director, CMD, of the hospital is not currently around and the remaining top staffs are in an emergency meeting,” he said. Spokesperson of Ondo State Police Command, Femi Joseph who confirmed the incident said that investigation had already begun to unravel how it all happened. He emphasized that there was no proper record of the case registered at the hospital, but efforts are on to track the woman. “We have already sent in some officers to go and investigate the case to know what actually went wrong,” the PPRO stated. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.