The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, OYC, on Thursday vowed to “do everything possible” to shield Southeast governors from attackers both in Nigeria and abroad. OYC stated this while calling for a truce between Southeast governors and members of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, following the recent attack on former Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, in Germany. Recall that Southeast governors had issued a stern warning to IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu and his group over threats to attack them and other Southeast leaders abroad. In a statement signed by its President-General, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro, OYC urged Southeast governors to tighten up security around them. The statement forwarded to DAILY POST reads: “We angrily call for a truce, and immediately cease-fire ranging on between the southeast Governors and IPOB over the threat and counter threats being harvested from both quarters. “We can no longer afford to slaughter our collective image and integrity over actions being sponsored by politicians outside Igbo land to Smack the images of Igbo Presidential hopeful ahead of 2023. “We have uncovered the real plot behind the recent harassment and threats of placing one million Naira bounty on anyone who gives useful information about overseas travel itinerary of South-East Governors as an evidence that they are being sponsored by politicians outside Igbo land to discredit our leaders with millions of Naira given to them to hack down South-East Governors. “How come they have millions of Nigeria currency instead of Biafra pounds? We will do everything possible to shield South-East Governors from external aggression being sponsored by politicians to hack down South East Presidential hopeful. “Based on the intelligence report that there’s possibility of attacking South-East Governors in Nigeria and abroad starting from next month, and we have uncovered the selfish reasons for this unholy alliance between them, We alert all South-East Governors to double their security settings and don’t fall into any traps of being provoked and distracted from tackling the insecurity challenges emanating from the activities of suspected Fulani Herdsmen, this is the finest hour for all genuine lovers of Igbo culture and values to stand up and defend their political leaders and urge Ipob to retract their steps and allow peace to thrive.” Following the threat to attack Igbo leaders, Southeast governors had, in a statement signed by its Chairman and Governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi, said should Kanu and IPOB members make their threat real, they would, by all means, repatriate him to Nigeria to face the wrath of the people. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.