Nigerians on social media have reacted to the attack on the former deputy senate president, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, in Nuremberg Germany. Senator Ekweremadu, who was attending the 2nd Annual Igbo Cultural Festival as a speaker and special guest of honour at the event organised by the Ndi-igbo Germany community, was beaten up and publicly humiliated by suspected IPOB members in a viral video. Reacting, the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB admitted being responsible for the attack on the former Deputy Senate President. IPOB said the attack served as a warning to Nnia Nwodo, Dave Umahi, Okezie Ikpeazu, Willie Obiano and others to stay away from any public event abroad unless they want to be humiliated. Ekweremadu’s attack has since stirred reactions from Nigerians. Some Nigerians have described the attack as a warning to Nigerian politicians going outside the country. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Ogbenidipo “Ike Ekweremadu was attacked in Germany today by some folks at a New Yam Festival event. This stands condemned but it should signal to our politicians that they need to be careful when they travel abroad. No DSS/Police here to deal with anyone. Max, they’ll be charged for assault.” @Obinnaomoyiibo “I have no chill for most Nigerian politicians, they are thieves, they are not transparent and never inspirational to their people. Just show of pride and ego towards people they lead. They get what they deserve.” @Chnnqdozie “Just watched the video where Ike Ekweremadu was taunted by some angry IPOB youths in Germany. It’s a message. Rotimi Amaechi, Orji Uzor Kalu and other accursed slaves working for this govt, your day of reckoning is near.” @Kingsleymaximo “If the Ekweramadus of Nigeria lead very well, with love and compassion for the people, they will have no need for such protection abroad in the first place. The hostility stems directly from the failure of governance. Those in power should do better or face similar treatment.” @Donhollar “All of them who turn Nigeria to what it is today will pay for their sins. Try and listen to what someone said on that video.. That “people are dying daily back home” @Bonario89 “In Igbo land, they’ll say “Mmeto ogaranya, kariri ogbugbu ya” which means the disgrace of a rich man is greater than his murder. Ike Ekweremadu will never be the same again.No Igbo man rises from the disgrace by his kinsmen.” @Nnamexi “What Igbos did to Ike Ekweremadu in Germany is so lovely. I’m Igbo I’m so proud. If we made politicians realise how repulsive they truly are, they would have a rethink. If you hoodwink Nigerians in Nigeria, don’t come abroad to try that. I await the self-righteous ones.” @AEberonwu “Was Ike Ekweremadu not the one who financed and formed IPOB, with the guise of damaging Buhari and the new APC administration in 2015. Now the sword of Damocles has been pointed at him and he is reaping what he sows. Karma is a Bastard. Law of retributive justice is alive.” @MistaChika “What happened to ike Ekweremadu today, should send a signal to Nigeria politicians that a time will come when the hero-worshipping will end and we will decide to own our future. They might be getting the same treatment.” @CollinsUma “Ike Ekweremadu wouldn’t be suffering this if he had supported Peter Obi and Atiku. But he sold out because he wasn’t picked as VP candidate. Sow to the wind, reap whirlwind.” @Realpsalmie7 “The beating of Ike Ekweremadu in Germany is another sign that Nigerian youths are ready for the #revolution our FG is fighting against.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.