Pastor Chris Oyakhilome and Pastor Benny Hinn united to lead the global evangelism movement into a new prosperous era of spiritual growth and fervent soul-winning marked by the first-ever World Evangelism Conference held August 9th-11th, 2019 in London. The sold-out three-day World Evangelism Conference drew thousands of evangelical Christians from all over the world to the SSE Arena in Wembley, London’s second-largest indoor arena with a capacity of 12,500 people. High expectations were met as Pastor Chris Oyakhilome and Pastor Benny Hinn set forth the path for the evangelist movement worldwide at this momentous event. The indelible impact of the World Evangelism Conference reverberated through the world, changing lives and opening the hearts of millions to God’s messages of hope and love. Through their teachings, Pastor Chris and Pastor Benny provided essential tools to help every believer win souls. Inspiring and Empowering Others to Reach their God-Given Potential Pastor Chris Oyakhilome, DSC, DD, has become an inspirational leader to many as the president and founder of Loveworld Inc. and as the lead pastor of Christ Embassy. His organization has built a network of churches around the world, connecting Christians from all walks of life and helping guide them to salvation in the name of Jesus Christ. His leadership, paired with that of the respected Pastor Benny, elevated the World Evangelism Conference to a level never experienced before. Christ Embassy called the World Evangelism Conference specially orchestrated by the Spirit of God for global evangelism awakening, igniting a fresh zeal, fire and passion for relentless soul-winning and evangelism in all the nations of the world. Ministers from all over the world gathered in the unity of the spirit to birth a new movement that will impact the world and manifest the works of the spirit in our day. The conference provided attendees with an exceptional opportunity to learn from the preeminent leaders of Christian evangelism in the 21st century. The World Evangelism Conference was a monumental event that has established the discourse of evangelism and soul-winning going forward in these last days. At the event, Pastor Chris and Pastor Benny imparted divine strategies for soul-winning and evangelism to the pastors, ministers, and religious leaders of the gospel gathered from all the nations of the world. The wisdom these inspirational leaders shared with the attendees promises to launch them to greater effectiveness in life and in their ministry. The conference schedule included plenary sessions, workshops, breakout sessions, exhibitions, a welcome luncheon, an awards ceremony, and much more. In addition to Pastor Chris and Pastor Benny, other respected religious leaders, including renowned evangelist Dr. Morris Cerullo, presented motivational and stirring lectures on effective ministry and successful outreach initiatives providing those gathered a deeper understanding of the Holy Spirit.  View of the SSE Arena in London filled to capacity during the World Evangelism Conference 2019 hosted by Pastor Chris Oyakhilome. Pastor Chris Oyakhilome – The Leader of a Global Community Pastor Chris is a minister, teacher and healer who has built a global community of Christians through his steadfast dedication to serving the Lord. Through him, God’s life-changing word has reached thousands of souls. He is the founder of LoveWorld Inc. which operates a 24-hour Christian satellite television network broadcasting from Africa worldwide. Pastor Chris has reached millions of people with this far-reaching television ministry and helped them to lead purposeful lives in the name of God. Pastor Chris has also authored a daily devotional Bible called the Rhapsody of Realities which been translated into hundreds of languages and distributed worldwide, making God’s Word accessible to millions of people. He has contributed to the growth and development of the leadership of the evangelical movement through the establishment of the International School of Ministry (ISM). Pastor Chris envisioned an institution built specifically to train and equip ministers of the Gospel of Christ. Through his teachings, Pastor Chris inspires and empowers leaders of the church to carry God’s message of forgiveness, salvation and eternal life to all the peoples of the world. Since it was established in 2007, the International School of Ministry has trained and prepared thousands of ministers hailing from nations all over the world. Those who have completed their studies at the ISM have gone on to produce amazing results in their ministries and in their own lives in the service of God. The World Evangelism Conference was powered in part by the International School of Ministry. Pastor Benny Hinn is a world-renowned healing minister and televangelist who has built an effective ministry in the United States and around the world. He grew to prominence as the host of the successful television program, “This Is Your Day.” His continues to produce his daily show that is aired on the most popular Christian programming networks around the world. Together, Pastor Chris and Pastor Benny collaborated to bring LoveWorld television programming to the United States with the creation of the LoveWorld USA broadcasting network. Leading Evangelism into the Future Worldwide, evangelism is one of the fastest-growing religious movements. Roughly one in four Christians identify as evangelical – a rate of growth that is four times that of the world’s population. Evangelism is unique in that it transcends Christian denominations and unites believers in their desire to share their faith in God. While the traditional foundation of global Christianity has been historically centered in Europe, the most vibrant expressions of the faith have more recently emerged from Africa and the United States. Pastor Chris and Pastor Benny are part of this growing movement – igniting passions across their respective congregations of worshipers. These visionary pastors have developed spirit-filled communities that are flourishing in the name of the Holy Spirit. Through their unique anointed ministries, Pastor Chris and Pastor Benny are empowering believers and directing the transformation of lives, communities and nations. The World Evangelism Conference has demonstrated to the world the influential leadership role that Pastor Chris Oyakhilome and Pastor Benny Hinn have in leading the evangelical movement into a new age of awakening. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.