If you own a HUAWEI Y9 Prime 2019, then you most likely love your phone. Of course there’s plenty of things you’ll be fascinated with from the HUAWEI Ultra Fullview display to the auto pop-up selfie camera, but that’s not all. In fact, here’s a list of 4 other cool things you can do with the HUAWEI Y9 Prime 2019 camera. A cool auto pop up camera: The 16MP auto pop-up camera is the reason behind this massive viewing experience. It is invisible to the eye and hides within the body. Activate it and it shows out of the top edge of the phone within one second and retracts when you do not want to take any more selfies. And for those fans of diverse photographic effects, this phone comes with 3D Portrait Lighting so you get studio-quality portraits and selfies wherever and whenever you want. A versatile camera to meet all your needs Nobody likes their pictures blurry and unclear, true? On the back of the HUAWEI Y9 Prime 2019, there are three cameras: 16MP + 8MP + 2MP. The 16MP + 8MP work together to let you capture images that are clear with top quality and high contrast. Even at night and in low-light scenarios you are still able to snap vivid and colorful pictures because the 16MP lens with F/1.8 lets extra light into the sensor. And if you want your pictures to look authentic like the world around you, the 2MP camera works in tandem with the 16MP to provide you with pictures that have a lifelike depth of field. Let the camera decide what you’re capturing Whether you were walking through vast meadows or wading through the beach, a picture is worth it. HUAWEI Y9 Prime 2019’s front 16MP auto pop-up camera is supported by artificial intelligence for instant and accurate scene and object recognition. It can identify blue skies, greenery, indoor scenes, and beautiful landscapes, and adjust the parameters to optimize the natural lighting conditions. A total of eight scenarios are supported by the AI feature. Nighttime or daytime! The camera never stops You are touring downtown with friends and came across a scene worthy of a picture, but it is nighttime and no enough lighting? No worries. HUAWEI Y9 Prime 2019 uses AI image stabilization algorithms to support handheld long exposure shots for a maximum of six seconds at nighttime. This improves the dynamic range and makes vivid, colorful photography possible. Make Every Second Count Some moments in life take our breath away and must be savored slowly. The HUAWEI Y9 Prime 2019’s super slow-motion feature records videos at 480 frames per second, then plays them back at 1/16th of the normal speed (for example, extending a 0.5s clip to 8 seconds). Relive your moments over and over again! HUAWEI Y9 Prime 2019 comes in three colors – Midnight Black, Sapphire blue and Emerald Green. The phone is available at SLOT, Pointek, 3CHUB and Jumia. Buy Now: http://bit.ly/2XTcNu2 Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.