Management of Osun State polytechnic, Iree on Friday announced the resumption of full-time students of the institution slated for Monday, as each student is being charged N10,000 as damages following their last protest that led to the closure of the school. This was contained in a press statement signed by the Registrar of the institution, Mr Busari Salawu, a copy of which was sent to newsmen in Osogbo, the Osun State DAILY POST had reported that the school was hurriedly closed down on 1st June following a violent protest by students of the polytechnic against the death of a student who reportedly slumped and died after writing examination on May 31st. The students had accused officials at the polytechnic’s health centre of lackadaisical response to an emergency situation, claiming that the ineptitude of that medical personnel led to the death of the student. It was later reported that several equipment and other property at the health facility were destroyed and many others looted during the protest. But the school has now re-opened for normal activities. The statement reads: “,Following the approval of the Board of Studies of Osun State Polytechnic Iree on the reports of the Investigative Panel into the crisis of students of the Institution, which led to the closure of the Polytechnic about two months ago, Management of Osun State Polytechnic, Iree has directed all the Full Time students, who are currently on break, to resume on Monday, 5th August,2019. “Students are to pay a reparation fee of Ten Thousand Naira only with a sworn affidavit of good behaviour from a court of Criminal Jurisdiction. “To pay the Ten Thousand Naira reparation fee, the students are enjoined to visit the Institution’s website to get the link for the online payment and print their payment receipt online for clearance to partake in the academic activities in the school. “Upon payment of the reparation fee, the students are urged to submit the original copy of their affidavit of good conduct to their respective Faculty Officers as from 9:00am on Monday 5th August, 2019”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.