Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. A two-day retreat hosted by President Muhammadu Buhari for Ministers designate and senior government officials came to an end on Tuesday, with a charge from the President to the Ministers-designate to rise to the challenging responsibilities of Ministerial office. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari has told his Ministers designate that majority of Nigerians are extremely poor, charging the Ministers to work towards a Nigeria in which the citizens do not have to worry about what they will eat, where they will live or if they can afford to pay for their children’s education or healthcare. 3. Gunmen on Tuesday attacked the convoy of Nasarawa State Deputy Governor, Dr Emmanuel Akabe, killing three policemen and a civilian. 4. The Taraba State kidnap kingpin, Hamisu Bala, popularly known as Wadume, was rearrested on Tuesday. The notorious billionaire kidnap kingpin, confessed that men of the Nigeria Army actually helped him escape on August 6 after he was arrested by the police. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, approved replacements for heads of Federal Government agencies that were recently appointed as Ministers. 6. Governors from the Southeast region of the country, under the auspices of the South East Governors’ Forum, on Tuesday, wrote President Muhammadu Buhari on issues bothering on the closure of Akanu Ibiam International Airport, and the incessant attacks on the people of the region by suspected Fulani herdsmen. 7. The Supreme Court, Tuesday struck out an interlocutory appeal filed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its candidate in the last presidential election, Atiku Abubakar. 8. Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on Tuesday raided the Epe residence of the immediate past Governor of Lagos State, Akinwunmi Ambode. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, ordered the incoming Ministers to submit any request meant for him to his Chief of Staff, Mallam Abba Kyari and all executive matters to the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, Boss Mustapha. 10. Atiku Abubakar, Tuesday said there was no cause for any alarm on the verdict of the Supreme Court to strike out his appeal to inspect the central server of INEC. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.