The Paramount Ruler of Calabar South local government area of Cross River State, Prof. Itam Hogan Itam, Nyam Nnankor 1, has called on the Police in the area not to arrest any traditional ruler in his domain without first getting his consent. Speaking with DAILY POST at his palace in Calabar, he said, “A lot of problems are propelled due to lack of communication, ignorance and misunderstanding, including mere minor and false information.” Nyam Nnankor said if he cannot solve some of the problems, he can then invite the Police, stressing that, “We in Calabar South local government area have come to an agreement with the Police that they should not arrest any traditional ruler without the knowledge of the paramount ruler. “They should report to me, we will look into the problem but if it is criminal in nature, we have nothing but to hand such traditional ruler to the Police,” he explained. On cultism, kidnapping, armed robbery, the Paramount Ruler said, “No young person who is gainfully employed, who has job or skills will ever engage in kidnapping or other vices. Nobody who is engaged would like to be involved in criminal activities, the most important thing is job. “There is so much joblessness in the society, our institution doesn’t provide skills to our children, they only gave them theoretical education and one way to stop these vices is to give our children skills and give them work. “We have gone to Industrial Training Fund (ITF) and sign Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the training of 120 people in Calabar South Local Government Area; they are to be train on skill acquisition. “This is going to be our contribution toward reducing cases of kidnapping and cultism. If we can succeed there, we can proudly say that the incident of cultism and kidnapping would be reduced and drastically too, we would also try to empower some of the youths,” he stated. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.