Chairman of the House of Representatives Committee on Foreign Affairs, Hon. Yakubu Buba, has said the Nigerian Ambassador to Germany, Yusuf Maitama Tugger must investigate and punish those involved in the attack on Senator Ike Ekweremadu in Nurnberg, Germany. He said Ekweremadu who was the former Deputy Senate President of the Nigeria Senate for twelve years was still a serving Senator, saying that the attack on him as a guest of honour in the event he was invited was most despicable. Speaking to DAILY POST in Abuja on Sunday night, the Adamawa lawmaker representing Gombi/Hong Federal Constituency, reminded Nigeria’s High Commission in Germany that the IPOB was a proscribed Association, hence, “nothing should be spared in dealing with the perpetrators.” He explained that Ekweremadu served in various capacities where he defended the interest of his people and Nigerians at large “Sen . Ekweremadu is an accomplished scholar in the legal profession and political leader of high standing in society. “He is one of our longest serving Senators, who had also in the last twelve years until June this year held sway as the Deputy President of the Nigerian Senate. “He was also Secretary to the Enugu State Government and had before then served in various capacities in that State. “I therefore, in very strong terms, condemn in its entirety the action of the group of Igbo people, alleged to be members of the outlawed IPOB, that had attacked Sen.Ike Ekweremadu in Nuremberg, Germany on Saturday,August 17. “I also wish to join other Nigerians and leaders to call on the Nigerian Ambassador to Germany, H/E Amb.Yusuf Maitama Tugger, to make good his promise to investigate and bring to book everyone who was part of that dastardly assault on a serving national leader,” he said. Hon. Buba said he would lead a delegation to Germany, adding that it was time the House of Representatives make laws on the protection of politically exposed Nigerians. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.