The Ilorin Zonal Office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has arrested three lawyers for alleged illegal acquisition and sale of a property. It also said the property which has N20 million value belongs to Adetunji Adedoyin. The accused lawyers are: Salman Rafiu, Sulyman Abaya and Saka Hammed. Others reportedly at large are Olarewaju Aluko and Mr Na’ Allah Suyuti. The anti-graft spokesman, Wilson Uwujaren disclosed this in a statement in Abuja. He explained, “Adedoyin alleged in a petition that the suspects fraudulently obtained a court judgment with which they claimed and sold his property without his knowledge and consent. “In getting the judgement, the suspects ensured that their victim, the petitioner did not get summons, but went ahead and provided defence lawyers for him without his knowledge or consent and with whom he never had any discussion”. Further, Uwujaren quoted the petitioner, “I was informed that I was served summons all through the court proceedings, whereas it was R.A Salman who put up his colleagues: Abaya Sulyman and Saka Hammed to stand for me and these lawyers forged my signature on some documents purporting my consent in court to the sale of my hostel.” “The truth of the matter is that I never set my eyes on these people (lawyers) prior to or during the court proceedings, neither did I participate directly or indirectly in the proceedings. I also was not aware of the proceedings from the beginning to the end.” It was also gathered that the petitioner even explained that he had to pay the sum of N4.2million to the buyer, Mr Na’ Allah in order to recover his stolen property but the hostel was taken over again in March this year by Mr. Na’ Allah through his lawyer, Aluko Olarewaju, on the grounds that he has not paid the outstanding balance. But the suspects reportedly denied the allegations of forgery against them during their interrogation by the operatives of the EFCC and, disowned the affidavit they allegedly fabricated, which they claimed in court that the petitioner signed. Meanwhile, Uwujaren said efforts were on-going to arrest the fleeing accomplices in the alleged crime. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.