The University of Ibadan on Tuesday, said it has imposed partial curfew on the campus. The partial curfew which takes effect from today (Wednesday) is expected to hold between 12 midnight and 5am. DAILY POST gathered that the partial curfew on the campus is coming two days after a robbery incident was recorded in the campus. It was gathered that some armed robbers had in July this year, attacked the Obafemi Awolowo hall, where students’ property ranging from mobile telephones, laptops and money were forcefully taken away from the innocent female students. Our correspondent gathered that, no fewer than two students were injured in the robbery attack in the female hostel. A similar incident was recorded at the Abubakar Abdulsalami hall, a post graduate hostel, in the early hours of Sunday, where students’ property worth over two hundred and fifty naira were taken away. Some students were also injured during the Sunday attack. The management of the institution had on Monday announced that it has henceforth, banned male visitors from entering any of the female hostels in the institution. The institution announced that the decision to ban male visitors from the hostels was necessary in view of the recent robbery attacks in the female hostels in the institution. However, the institution on Tuesday, said that it has imposed partial curfew on the campus. Our correspondent gathered that the decision to impose the curfew was taken at a meeting of the University Security Committee which reviewed the current security situation on the university. Vice-Chancellor of the institution, Professor Idowu Olayinka in a statement made available to DAILY POST by the Director of Public Communication in the university, Mr. Tunji Oladejo, maintained that all students and members of staff must have means of identification when asked by security operatives. He added that the partial curfew would be in place until further notice. Olayinka in the statement reiterated that “all male visitors to the three female hostels (Awolowo Hall, Queen Idia Hall and Elizabeth hall) are to be received outside the halls while female guests will be screened.” He added that any male visitors seen loitering around female halls beyond 8:30 pm will be taken as suspect. Olayinka said, “A major decision of the Committee is to enforce a Partial Curfew from 12 midnight till 5 am as from tomorrow, Wednesday 14th August 2019. “All students and members of staff should be able to produce a means of identification if and when accosted by security staff. “This partial restriction of movement will be in place until further notice. “Kindly ensure strict compliance, please, as part of efforts of ensuring the safety of all members of the community. In view of recent security situation on the Campus male visitors are henceforth prohibited from entering the above listed Female Halls of Residence. “The Residents of the aforementioned Halls can only receive their male visitors outside the Hall. Female visitors should be screened at the Porters’ Lodge. “Moreover, all male visitors are expected to leave the precincts of the female Halls by 8:30 pm. “Any one found loitering will be regarded as a suspect.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.