The member representing Degema/Bonny Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, Hon. Doctor Farah Dagogo, has raised red flags over alleged moves by TOTAL Group to relocate its servicing companies working in Egina offshore Field, Onne, to Ladol Yard in Lagos State. The Egina offshore field, which is reputed to have the capacity to add 200,000 barrels of oil per day to Nigeria’s production at its peak is situated in Rivers State. Speaking with DAILY POST in Abuja on Tuesday, the Federal lawmaker cautioned TOTAL against the planned relocation, “warning that the move has the propensity to flame the already worsening unemployment situation in Rivers State in particular, and the Niger Delta region at large”. He urged relevant government bodies, particularly, the Federal Government and the State Government to intervene and nip the unwarranted relocation in the bud, wondering the move by oil giant despite serenity of peace in the region now. He disclosed that he would prepared a motion to present on the floor of the House of Representatives that intends to compel International Oil Companies (IOCs), as well as the sector’s regulator and investment vehicle, the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) and National Petroleum Investment Management Services (NAPIMS), to relocate their head offices to the states where they explore and exploit crude. The Federal lawmaker equally frowned at the laxity of government over its ‘unbridled attitude of being reactive instead of proactive’ to issues of this magnitude. “I foresaw this scenario that was why I had a motion to that effect. Unfortunately, it couldn’t be presented on the floor of the House of Representatives before we went on recess. It will definitely be presented after our recess. “In the interim however, there is a need for the Federal Government and the Rivers State government to step in now because I have credible information that the relocation of the servicing companies working on Egina Offshore Field, Onne, Rivers State by TOTAL Group to Ladol Yard in Lagos State is at an advanced stage.” “We all know what this relocation portends to the volatile Niger Delta region. We need to do away with this our unbridled attitude of being reactive instead of proactive to issues of this magnitude. We should not wait for the problem to come before we start investing avoidable logistics to resolve it. We should prevent it and this is one of those.” “How could these IOCs and the sectors regulatory and investment vehicle, DPR and NAPIMS respectively abandon the areas and states they explore and exploit crude for a supposedly safe haven. I surmise they could not stand the deprivation and bastardization of the environments they get their huge revenue from.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.