Gov Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State has said his predecessor, Sen. Ibikunle Amosun, is currently talking with the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The governor, however, did not disclose further details about Amosun’s talks with the opposition PDP. Recall that Amosun has been suspended from the All Progressives Congress (APC) by the party’s National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, for alleged anti-party activities, after winning his senatorial election in the same party. Abiodun, speaking through his consultant on General Matters, Hon Biyi Adeleye, in a chat with newsmen in Abeokuta on Saturday, described Amosun as “the Chief Clown of the Year.” Talking about the March 9 governorship election in Ogun State, Abiodun said, “This election has come, we have won and it has gone. That (somebody) one hopeless man is giving them (his followers) hope, that they are going to claim their mandate back; we know Amosun, the man that is already talking with PDP. “He’s just taking his time, giving them hope for 2023. Amosun himself knows that Governor Dapo Abiodun won that election clear and clean. If we are in a clime where people who won election go to court to challenge some irregularities, we should be in court first to ask them where they got all the votes from Ipokia. “But because we are not doing that, he now has the leverage to start going round and tell his people that ‘we are going to claim ourmandate back’. Well, he can stay there in court while we stay in government to fulfill all the promises we made to the good people of Ogun State. “He can continue to do what he did in 2007; he just wants to keep them through court processes, giving them false hopes. As we are speaking Amosun is speaking with opposition. “He’s speaking with PDP. If he’s so confident and sure that he’s going to get his mandate back from court, then why is he going around to talk to opposition? But I can tell you that the good people of Ogun State know better; they have experienced him, they have seen him, they are tired of him. “There is no way Amosun can come back again through window or the roof or anywhere, he will always meet brick wall.” Responding to the call by Chief Derin Adebiyi, the Ogun State factional Chairman of All Progressives Congress, loyal to Amosun, for investigation into the credentials of Prince Dapo Abiodun, Adeleye said the outburst of Chief Adebiyi depicts a call by a political clown. Adeleye said Adebiyi deserves pity based on the fact that his outburst is not in tandem with the reality, referring to him as the “latest political clown in town who is competing with Amosun for the Chief Clown Award of the year”. DAILY POST had reported Adebiyi as calling on Abiodun to defend the allegations of educational certificate forgery and perjury against him. Adebiyi, who said he remained the only authentic Chairman of the APC in Ogun State, declared that he played no role in the selection of Abiodun as the APC governorship candidate. Adebiyi maintained that the records with him confirmed there were discrepancies in what Gov. Abiodun filled in his INEC Form CF001 in 2015 when he was contesting for Ogun East senatorial seat and what he filled in the same form for his 2019 governorship race. But in his reaction, Adeleye condemned the allegations, urging Adebiyi and any other person or group not satisfied with the qualifications of the governor to approach the court. He said “if not for clarity, I won’t dignify him with any response on that. But the point is that if you look at it, the old man deserves our sympathy because this is a man who was elected to the position of state party chairman, who is now just representing a faction of that party in his imagination at the senatorial district of Governor Ibikunle Amosun and he still sees himself as the state party chairman. “That means he must be hallucinating. So, he deserves our sympathy as an old man and maybe the old age has crept in. “The government has made it so simple that there are so many systems that you can really channel your grievances. You see, if they are really convinced that the governor falsified certificate or has committed perjury, they should go to court. “Those that were convinced went to court and we were vindicated. So, what are they still saying? If they still have anything else that they want to discuss, they should go to court. “They can’t just be playing on people’s intelligence through media; they should go to court and let us meet over there instead of crying over spilled milk. Let Chief Derin wake up from dreamland.” Hon Adeleye speaking on who is really in control of the party in the State challenged Derin Adebiyi to report himself to party secretariat on Monday as the state party chairman. “You will recall that the national leadership has dissolved Ogun State APC Exco and appointed three-member caretaker committee to run the affairs of the state pending the time that the state would conduct congresses. So, why is the old man claiming what he’s not? “Like I said, the old age has crept in and it has started affecting him. So, the man deserves our sympathy, we should all be praying for him. I know the dissolution of his exco must have affected his health which called for some of these things he’s doing”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.