The Ogun House of Assembly Tuesday called on Governor Dapo Abiodun to dissolve the state Caretaker Committee on Transportation after the expiration of its three-month tenure. The Assembly, at its plenary in Abeokuta, said that “the illegal activities of the caretaker committee have become unbearable”. Some lawmakers elected under the All Progressives Congress (APC) had during plenary expressed dissatisfaction over the actions of the committee. The lawmaker representing Odogbolu under the platform of the APC, Hon. Atinuke Bello, moved the motion for the dissolution of the committee, and was seconded by Hon. Sylvester Abiodun of Ijebu North 1. Bello, who is the Chief Whip, had earlier intimated the Assembly on the activities of the committee in her constituency, saying that members, particularly the Chairman, Mr Sunday Adeniyi, had not done well. “The committee was set up to make peace among all transport unions but instead of facing the issue on ground, it had added to the problems. “The activities of the state caretaker committee on transportation are becoming a threat to peace in the state, especially among the transport unions,’’ she said. In his submission, the Speaker, Mr Olakunle Oluomo pointed out that he had received series of petitions against the committee, adding that the Assembly was concerned about the security of lives and property of the citizenry. Oluomo called on the Chairman of the committee and the Secretary, Mr Tunji Akinosi, to appear before the Assembly on Thursday to respond to the allegations against them. DAILY POST recalls that Gov. Dapo Abiodun had, on June 17, dissolved the leadership of all transport unions in the state and constituted a 13-man committee to coordinate their activities. The committee has been levelled with all sorts of corrupt practices with no one cautioning it until the report was finally brought to the assembly on Tuesday. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.