The People’s Democratic Party’s, PDP, standard-bearer during the 2016 governorship election in Ondo State, Eyitayo Jegede (SAN) has disclosed that he will give a shot at the governorship election coming up next year in the State. According to Jegede who lost the 2016 election to incumbent Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of the All Progressives Congress, APC, God has directed him to contest the 2020 governorship election. Jegede stated this during his visit to Akure South Local Government as well as at Idanre council area where he intimated party leaders of his ambition. “I am here to thank you for the support you gave me during the 2016 governorship election. I see myself as somebody who is ready to serve. I contested the last gubernatorial election and we knew the result, the following day we went to church to thank God for how far He had helped us. “Now, I consulted God Almighty again, I asked if I should go forward on this project, He answered me that I should go ahead. “I am asking you whether to go ahead or not? This is not the time for the campaign. We will surely come back when the time comes. I seek your support for our great party, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP and appreciate you for all your efforts both during the 2016 governorship election and the last general elections. ” Reacting on behalf of the leaders in Idanre local government, former Chief of Staff to Dr. Olusegun Mimiko, Dr. Kola Ademujimi, noted that people are suffering in the state under the present administration. Ademujimi who added that things are not the same again since the exit of the PDP government in the state urged members to remain loyal to the party ahead of the coming election. He noted that the party is more formidable under the current state leadership and enjoined other aspirants to join hands together to build the party. He further disclosed that the crisis rocking the ruling party in the state now is an indication that God is behind the PDP to deliver the people of the state from the ravaging poverty the current administration bestowed on the people. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.