At least three people have died while some others were injured following a road accident that occured near the Adamawa State capital, Yola. The accident, which occurred towards the Yola end of the Numan-Yola road, involved two Starlet cars, the sort of cars commonly used for commercial intercity transport in Adamawa State, especially on the Numan-Yola road. A survivor of the accident, who is currently receiving treatment at the state Specialist Hospital in Jimeta, told relatives attending to him that the vehicle in which he was travelling crashed into an oncoming car, killing two people in the front and one directly behind the driver. The survivor’s nephew, Mr Joseph Adanu, who recounted the development to our correspondent on Friday, quoted his uncle as expressing the reservation that the driver was so badly injured, in the accident which occured on Wednesday, that he would be lucky to survive it. There was no information by press time what happened to the occupants of the other car, which was said to have caused the confusion that led to the head-on collision. Mr. Adanu said that, according to the account of his uncle, the other car took too much of the road after overtaking a vehicle in front of him, giving the driver of his own cab no room to avoid the collision. “My uncle, who was travelling out, had to return to Yola for medical attention, so he didn’t find out how the passengers of the other car were affected, but he said he saw the car and it was badly smashed,” Adanu said. The Adamawa Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Husseini Muhammed, confirmed the accident in a telephone interview Friday evening, but could not specify the casualty figure. He said someone came to report the accident after it happened, but that the report got to his office so late that by the time his men arrived the scene of the accident, they were only told by some people around the place that some good Samaritans had done the rescue work, and that his men could therefore not verify the effects of the accident. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.