The discovery of a dead vulture in front of the Abia State Governorship Election Petition Tribunal, Thursday morning of the adoption of written addresses in the case filed by the APGA gubernatorial candidate in the 2019 governorship election in the State, Dr. Alex Otti challenging the election of Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu, caused a stir at the court premises. Most people who visited the tribunal at the premises of the High Court along Ikot Ekpene road had on arrival observed the stench odour around the complex and had wondered where the odour was emiting from when they saw the dead bird, which was already decomposing. Staff of the High Court, who spoke to our reporter, insisted that the bird was not there before the close of work the previous day, suggesting that the bird must have died in the night or early in the morning. They had also argued that had it been there, that the dead bird would have long been removed before the sitting of the tribunal even though another staff who pleaded anonymity, said they discovered the dead bird on Thursday morning when the carcass has already been run over by a vehicle tyre, prompting the stenchy odour which enveloped the entire area, forcing most people to leave the area. Most people said the dead vulture must have been sent to that point by means of voodoo science probably aimed at diabolically influencing the proceedings and eventual judgement of the tribunal. After the adoption of written addresses by the parties involved in the suit Gov. Ikpeazu hurriedly left the court premises in his convoy followed by Dr. Otti who was later seen at the APGA state headquarters in the capital city. The several support groups, especially the women groups shortly after took to the war of songs in which they had taunted and derided each other, thereby turning the court premises into a political rally ground. Recall that Alex Otti had asked the tribunal to cancel fifteen out of the Seventeen local governemnt areas election results in Abia state. Otti claimed that the respondents, PDP, and Governor Okezie Ikpeazu who was the governorship candidate of PDP perpetrated excessive malpractice in those LGAs in the last March 9 2019 election conducted in the state. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.