Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari will depart Abuja Sunday for Japan to participate in the Seventh Tokyo International Conference on African Development (TICAD7) holding in the City of Yokohama, August 28-30, 2019. He will deliver Nigeria’s Statement during Plenary Session Three in which he will appraise Nigeria-Japan relations and takeaways from TICAD6. The President is expected back in Nigeria on Saturday, August 31. 2. National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole on Friday, met with Governors elected on the party’s platform. He expressed confidence that the party will continue to rule the country even after the expiration of the second term of President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023, calling for synergy among party members to move the party and the country forward. The delegation of the Progressive Governors was led to the meeting by their Chairman and Kebbi Governor Atiku Bagudu. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday met with traditional rulers from the North. He told them that the entire structure of the Nigeria Police Force, NPF, was being overhauled, re-positioned and primed with modern technological gadgets to meet rising challenges across the country. He also disclosed that an intelligence loop among all security outfits has been created. The traditional leaders were led by the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammadu Sa’ad Abubakar III and Emir of Kano, Dr. Muhammad Sanusi. 4. The Kogi State National Assembly/State Assembly Election Petition Tribunal has nullified the election of Senator Dino Melaye representing Kogi West senatorial district. The three-man panel led by Justice A. O. Chijioke, in a unanimous judgment on Friday, accepted Adeyemi’s ground and ordered for another election in the senatorial district. 5. Imo State Governor, Emeka Ihedioha, on Friday, accused former Governor Rochas Okorocha, of stealing N1trillion while in power. He insisted that available records show that in eight years, Okorocha mismanaged about One Trillion Naira belonging to Imo State. Ihedioha added that his government was taking its time in unveiling the numerous atrocities of the last administration, vowing that certainly, Okorocha must answer for all the evil he did against the people of Imo State. 6. President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, Chief Nnia Nwodo, on Friday, denied allegations raised against him by the leader of Indigenous people of Biafra, IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. Nwodo dismissed claims that he is a Fulani stooge; quashing IPOB suggestions that he colluded with the Nigerian Army to attack, under the infamous Operation Python Dance, Kanu’s homestead in Afara-Ukwu Umuahia, Abia state.The former two-time Minister went further to recall evidences of his condemning several anti-policies of the federal government, and reeled out his contributions and performances in pursuit of the Igbo cause. 7. Prof. Maurice Iwu, embattled former chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Friday disclosed that his troubles with the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) began during the last presidential election. Iwu also claimed EFCC operatives seized his international passport and prevented him from voting in the February 23, 2019 presidential poll. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday reshuffled some Permanent Secretaries and accounting officers in the Federal service following the restructuring /creation of new ministries by the Federal Government. The new ministries are Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development; Police Affairs, Special Duties and International Affairs; Aviation; and Power. The circular authorising the reshuffle was signed by Mrs Winifred Oyo-Ita. She said the arrangement takes immediate effect and remains in force until further notice. 9. The Presidency on Friday assured Nigerians that President Muhammadu Buhari will not disappoint them in his second and last term.Garba Shehu said this in Abuja, while speaking on behalf of some aides of the President, including himself. Shehu said Buhari was fully aware of the expectations of Nigerians. 10. The Joint National Public Service Negotiating Council (JNPSNC) and the representatives of the Federal Government met on Friday to put an end to delays in the implementation of the new national minimum wage. The meeting, holding at the Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, was expected to bring to an end continued disagreements in the percentage of consequential adjustments. Both parties are expected to either agree with government’s proposed additions of 10 percent for GL. 7 to 14 workers and 5.5 percent for those on GL. 15 to 17 or come to a middle point away from labour’s demands for 30 and 25 per cent increase respectively. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.