The member representing Enugu North/South Federal Constituency, Rt. Hon. Ofor Chukwuegbo has urged the people of Enugu State to partner with Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi as he puts measures in place to end the security challenges in the State. The House of Representatives member spoke through a statement he personally signed on Tuesday in Enugu. He said the remedial and proactive measures put in place by Ugwuanyi to tackle security challenges manifesting in Enugu State of recent were commendable, praiseworthy, exemplary, and worthy of emulation.
The lawmaker added that “security having become the major challenge of governance in Nigeria today at all levels, Governor Ugwuanyi deserves the support of all and sundry in the holistic manner he has so far handled the Enugu Situation. “It is unhelpful and indeed unpatriotic for anybody or group to seek to make political capital out of what has become a national burden. The good part of the narrative here is that our governor is not into any form of blame game or buck passing. “He is, instead, addressing the matter squarely and decisively! The motivation and strengthening of the various neighborhood watch groups in the state, innovative engagement of forest guards, and on-going massive public enlightenment campaign on security, are all good steps in the right direction. Hopefully, in a very short while, the full benefits of all those measures would become more evident. “I enjoin all our people to look at the broader picture of security of our neighborhoods, not politics; and join forces with the state government to make our communities safe again, very shortly. Our governor must remain steadfast, refuse to be detracted, and continue to do what is necessary and right, not minding the negative antics of an implacable minority.” “Your Excellency sir, the generality of our dispassionate, right thinking people are behind you, as always. As the Holy Scripture tells us, weeping, and pains endureth through the night, but joy cometh in the morning! “Enugu is in the hands of God Almighty, and we shall emerge from this momentary distress situation, stronger and safer,” he added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.