Former Liverpool defender, Jamie Carragher has admitted that he is worried about the Reds getting caught out by the pace of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Alexandre Lacazette and Nicolas Pepe when they clash in the Premier League this weekend. Carragher, while speaking on Monday Night Football, said he is concerned by Liverpool’s defensive performances so far this season and fears their high line could be exploited, The two teams are the only sides left in the Premier League who still have 100 per cent records, but that will have to change when they meet at Anfield on Saturday. Jurgen Klopp’s men are yet to keep a clean sheet, and Carragher said: “What Liverpool have done this season, we’re talking about them playing a high line, I’m not necessarily sure it’s a higher line, but it looks to me as if they’re trying to play offside. They caught players offside more than anyone in the Premier League this season. “I don’t like it and I think they’ve been lucky and fortunate at different times this season to get away with it.” Asked if Arsenal’s pace is a danger going into Saturday’s clash, Carragher continued: “Well that’s what you think, you think [Pierre-Emerick] Aubameyang, [Alexandre] Lacazette, [Nicolas] Pepe maybe coming on also. “When I say Liverpool have got away with it, the quality they’ve played against hasn’t been top class. “I said after the Norwich game, if they were playing a top team they may not have won. Considering they won 4-1, it’s a big thing to say I suppose, but the quality Arsenal have, if Liverpool get caught in those positions and don’t run back, they’re going to have major problems within that game. “You think about on the counter-attack as well, Liverpool playing higher up on the pitch on Saturday. And listen of course Liverpool are going to cause big problems the other way, I have no doubt about that, but the chances, the shots on goal that they’re allowing at this moment, better quality teams, better quality strikers, are going to make Liverpool pay.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.