A human rights group, Veteran Organization for Human Rights (VOHRI) on Monday petitioned Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Shina Olukolu over what they described as illegal arrest, and unlawful detention of the trio of Rasidi Sylayman, Musibau Bakare and Ahmed Folarin by men of Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) in Ibadan without genuine reasons. The group in the petition signed by its Lead Activist, Ayobami Sakirullah and General Secretary, Abimbola Adekunke, a copy of which was made available to DAILY POST, described the arrest and subsequent detention of the trio by SARS since last Tuesday as violation of the fundamental rights of the trio. VOHRI in the petition entitled, “An urgent call for redress to Commissioner of police on a case of conspiracy, intimidation, unlawful arrest and detention, malicious prosecution and serious breach of fundamental human rights meted on Rasidi Sulyman Musibau Bakare and Ahmed Folarin by inspector Makinde and other men of special anti-robbery squad (SARS) Dugbe Ibadan, said it was surprise that the IPO in charge of the case, one Inspector Makinde is demanding that each of the detained men should pay the sum of One hundred thousand naira N100,000 before they can be released. The group, while alleging that one Gbenro Olaitan is using his influence to conspire with SARS men to infringe on the rights of the trio, added that all efforts to get the trio of out of the SARS custody have been fruitless since they could not afford to pay the money. VOHRI said, “Mr. Gbenro Olaitan brought his Mack trailer to the mechanic workshop at Ashi Expressway over seven years ago. He put the vehicle in the watchful eyes of one Luqman (deceased). Initially late Luqman and Alfa were both controlling the mechanic workshop until the demise of late Luqman. “Soon after Luqman’s death a group of marauders came to the mechanic shop and carted away with the trailer (mack) alternator. This was reported to Akobo Divisional Police Station. “About two years ago, Rasidi Sulayman took one shock-absorber of the trailer, with the conscience of Late Luqman for measurement of a size he wanted to buy and after taking the measurement, he returned the shock-absorber to late Luqman. Mr. Gbemiro Olaitan, the trailer owner had abandoned the vehicle for long without looking back until a week ago, when he came to arrest Musibau Bakare that some vital parts of the trailer had been stolen. “Musibau Bakare, Rasidi Sulayman and Ahmed Folarin were arrested. They have been intimated and rough-handled by men of the SARS. “The IPO, Inspector Makinde later demanded that each of the suspects should pay One hundred thousand naira (N100,000) owing to the inability of these three suspects to pay the amount, they are hitherto remanded at SARS cell since Tuesday 20th August, 2019. Inspector Makinde and his colleagues have vowed to keep them rotten in the cell until the bail money of N100,000 each is paid by the suspects. “To this end, we are ready to intervene in this case of unlawful arrest and detention, intimidation and oppression meted on Rasidi Sulayman, Musibau Bakare and Ahmed Folarin by men of Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS). “SARS men did not take the suspects to court after twenty-four hours, a negation and violation of human rights as enshrined in sector 34, 35 & 36 of the 1999 Constitution of Nigeria, 2011 as amended. “The IPO, Inspector Makinde demanded one hundred thousand naira (N100,000) from each of the suspects as bail fee to be freed. We bank on your quick intervention and support in this regard.” Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the state Police Command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi, when contacted, promised that the state commissioner of Police, Shina Olukolu would intervene in the matter as soon as possible. Fadeyi in a telephone conversation with DAILY POST said, “If they have submitted the petition, the CP will look into it. The CP will intervene. They should not entertain any fear. The issue will be looked into and the officer concerned will be invited.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.