Former Abia governor now Senator representing Abia North district, Chief Orji Kalu, has berated the immediate past Minister of Trade and Investment, Okechukwu Enelamah, over alleged poor performance and failure to carry the state leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) along during the first term of President Muhammadu Buhari. The ex-minister hails from Ohuhu clan in Umuahia North local government area of Abia state. Addressing newsmen at his Igbere country home in Bende LGA, after the Abia North Zonal meeting with members of his constituency at the weekend, Kalu expressed optimism that Uche Ogah would perform better than the former minister. According to him, Enelamah, though a technocrat just like Ogah, failed in the area of party politics which he (Kalu) said was also important. The Senator also revealed that the party leadership in the state reported the former Minister to President Buhari, which the President acted on. His words, “We are very happy because the Minister-designate is better than the one we had before. The one then was also a good technocrat, but the Party leadership complained that he was not playing party politics and I am sure the President listened to their complaints. “The President has once again brought in experienced politicians and core members of the party (APC). And this is how it should be, it is all about party politics. “Remember, the (Party) Constitution forbids anybody who is not a card-carrying member from being nominated as Minister. So the President did only what is right and he should be commended rather than condemned”. DAILY POST recalls that Ogah was the gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2019 general election in Abia state. He lost his bid to become Abia state governor after the Independent National Electoral Commission(INEC) returned the incumbent and the Peoples Democratic Party candidate, Dr. Okezie Ikpeazu, as winner of the March 9 governorship poll conducted in the state. Just recently, Ogah’s name was among the 43 ministerial nominees list that was forwarded to the National Assembly for confirmation. He was grilled by the Senators for over an hour when he appeared on the floor of the upper legislative chamber for his confirmation hearing. Meanwhile, as at the time of filing this report neither the former minister nor his Media Aide could be reached for comment. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.