The Adamawa State government on Saturday pointed out how rain flood has caused severe havoc in Jimeta in Yola North LGA, and Yola town in Yola South LGA of the state. Executive Director of the Adamawa State Emergency Management Agency (ADSEMA), Dr Muhammed Suleiman, told newsmen in Yola that Girei as well as Shelleng and Ganye LGAs are also badly affected. A rather light but long-drawn rain had occurred in Jimeta and Yola town Friday morning and afternoon, causing much flooding in communities around the twin towns. The rain, which started about 9am, prevented many Jimeta and Yola residents from leaving for work while the resulting flood prevented those who went to work from returning home as many of the streets were heavily flooded. Flood water remained in a lot of places up to Saturday, still either confining people to their homes or preventing them from getting back from home. A good number of those who went to work but were unable to return home, resorted to passing the night in their workplaces or with friends or relations in safer places, forcing the state government to open a camp for displaced persons in Yolde Pate, Yola South LGA. ADSEMA Executive Secretary, Muhammed Suleiman, who spoke to journalists Saturday afternoon, indicated that the flood incident goes much further than the state capital metropolis. He said, “The areas affected by the flood are many. In Jimeta, in Yola town, and even this morning, I have received report from Shelleng where they said things were destroyed. Right now we are going on accessment to Girei Local Government where there was also flooding, and I have received a report of flooding from Ganye Local Government. So, it’s flooding all over.” He added however that no report of death ha been received from any of the affected places. The flood in the capital metropolis caused blackout in many parts and the blackout remained as this report was being rounded off late Saturday afternoon. Explaining the development, the Senior Corporate Communications Manager of the Yola Electricity Distribution Company (YEDC), Kingsley Nkemneme said, in a statement to customers, “This is to inform you that YEDC Jambutu injection substation is out of service due to heavy rainfall yesterday that caused flooding at the substation.” He named areas that would not have electricity for the meantime as Jambutu, Numan Road, Bature, Demsawo, Nasarawo, and Kofare. He assured however that electricity would be restored as soon as the substation is fixed DAILY POST reports that those are the communities in Yola North LGA most affected by the flood, and many residents would be busy either still trying to access their homes or working to tidy things messed up by the flood. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.