The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has revealed that his collaboration with the Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC) has led to a significant reduction in crime rate in South-West part of Nigeria. The IGP spoke on Thursday through a delegation sent to the Aare Ona Kankanfo of Yorubaland and OPC leader, Iba Gani Adams. Mr Jude Nwankor, who led the team, assured that the Police would sustain the synergy to further reduce crime rate and ensure peace in the zone. In his remarks, Adams commended the initiative of the IGP to partner with his organisation and pledged that the OPC will not betray the confidence. “The most important part of security is intelligence gathering”, he stressed. “This will help nip crime in the bud, crush criminal acts and catch those planning such” Adams recalled how the police in Lagos were able to end the menace of the dreaded Badoo cultists with the assistance of the OPC. Reflecting on the confrontations between the OPC and the police between 2000 and 2004, the Yoruba leader expressed joy that the security agency was now in good terms with the body. On IGP’s community policing initiative, Adams said that the OPC would work with the newly established special squad to be deployed to the South-West. “My people know the territory very well; we are ready, willing, and able to confront criminals. Indeed, we are excited about the collaboration with the Nigeria Police and will contribute our best to ensure the region is safe and secured”, he added. Members of the delegation included the Officer in Charge, Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) in Lagos, CSP Peter Gana and the Commander, Seme Border Patrol, CSP Ogechi Moses Udu. Adams received them alongside former Special Adviser to ex President Olusegun Obasanjo, Akin Osuntokun; OPC Director of Mobilisation, Comrade Dauda Asikolaye; Mogaji Gboyega Adejumo; Osi Aare Ona Kakanfo, Gani Kola Balogun, among others. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.