The Enugu Electricity Distribution PLC (EEDC) has expressed deep concern over the increasing rate of vandalization of its electrical installations across the South East. In a statement by its Head of Communications, Mr. Emeka Ezeh, in Enugu on Tuesday, EEDC described vandalism as a clog hindering its operations. Ezeh said that despite several imprisonments and arrests of vandals, in addition to the efforts made by the organization in engaging customers, as well as key stakeholders within its network, the unpleasant trend had continued to raise its ugly head. It said the act was “subjecting electricity customers to darkness, inconveniencing them and also impacting on our revenue. “Just recently, the duo of Okereke Ugochukwu and Paul Kelechi were arrested by the villagers at Obinagu Umuadar, for vandalizing 11KV -T-Off, carting away about thirteen spans of cable, belonging to EEDC, located at Obinagu Umuadar, Isuochi, in Umunneochi Local Government Area of Abia State. “Another suspected vandal identified as Chukwuebuka Igwe, an indigene of Ebonyi State was apprehended by some members of Ogbo-Otu Ikenga, Ogidi, in Idemili Local Government Area of Anambra State, while in possession of cutting implements and about four intermediate cables suspected to be property of EEDC. “In a related development, one Jude Chibuoke, was arrested by a Police patrol team from Umumba Police Station, while in possession of two intermediate cables suspected to be property of EEDC. Jude, during police interrogation, confessed to have gotten the cable from the distribution substation belonging to EEDC, located at Umuaga, Udi, Enugu State. “Also, in Ihe town, in Awgu Local Government Area of Enugu State, a suspected vandal identified as Sunday Ike, was arrested by members of Electricity Committee in Ihe town, for vandalizing a low tension aluminium cable belonging to EEDC, at Okpatu Substation of the town. “In Ebonyi State, one Ifeanyi Adom was arrested by members of the Amazu Vigilante group in connection with the vandalism of a transformer belonging to EEDC, located at Amazu Junction Nkalagu. In the course of interrogation, Ifeanyi identified one Iloegbunam Oruegbala as the buyer of the cables. The buyer was subsequently arrested and both of them detained for further investigation at the State Police Headquarters, Abakaliki. “Similarly, in Ebonyi Sate, the duo of Chinedu Ogbu and Ebere Nwovu were arrested by some members of the community vigilante group for vandalizing a 300KVA transformer, belonging to EEDC, located at Nwezenyi Izzi in Izzi Local Government Area of Ebonyi State.” Ezeh added that “The apprehended vandals along with the buyer were handed over to the Police in the respective states for proper investigation and possible prosecution. “We are concerned that while we strive to improve on the quality of service delivery to our esteemed customers, some individuals that ordinarily should have been engaging in more productive activities resort to frustrating both our organization and our customers.” Ezeh appreciated the various vigilante groups, state security agencies for their support in apprehending the vandals and assured them of the organisation’s commitment in ensuring that they were prosecuted accordingly. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.