Stakeholders in Uzo-Uwani Local Government Area of Enugu State have nominated Sir. Vitalis Okonkwo as their preferred candidate for the commissioner position. His nomination is in accordance with Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi’s directive that all the various council areas should nominate a consensus candidate from their locality that would serve as commissioner in the about to be formed State Executive Council. His nomination was ratified during a stakeholders’ meeting, weekend. Before his nomination, the stakeholders had met and zoned the position to Ojor ward, in the LGA, which they said was done in the spirit of justice, equity, and fairness. The Councillor of Ojor ward, Hon. Chikwelu Romanus and the President General (PG) of Ojor community, Ucheonwu Okonta, in their speeches, thanked the stakeholders for standing on the part of justice and fairness by zoning the position to their people. Various speakers included the Chairman of traditional rulers in the council, His Royal Highness S.J Idu, the party Chairman in the council, Udezue Benedict, Member of the State House of Assembly, Hon. Okika Josephat, the leader of Uzo-Uwani legislative Council, Patrick Ezugwu, among others. A motion for the adoption of the nomination of Sir. Okonkwo was moved by a former Commissioner, Hon. Matthew Idu and seconded by Hon. Paschal Okoro. The council chairman, Hon. Fidelis Ani, subjected the motion to a voice vote, which was overwhelmingly carried. Some of the stakeholders that spoke on the development said “the nomination of Vitalis is a true reflection of the wish of the people.” They hinged their endorsement of Vitalis on his transparent and philanthropic nature that had touched the lives of many in their community positively, despite not occupying any public office. The meeting, which was chaired by Uzo-Uwani Council Chairman, Hon. Fidelis Ani had in attendance, the immediate past Chairman of the LGA, Hon. Cornell Onwubuya, past commissioners and other political appointees, administrators, Secretaries and members of all the development centres, all the elected councillors, PDP, LGA, ward chairmen, traditional rulers, President General of various Town Unions and party faithfuls. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.