The Abia State chapter of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, has declared that Governor Okezie Ikpeazu has wasted his one hundred days in office of his current second term for nothing. The party in a statement signed by its Publicity Secretary in Abia state, Ebere Uzoukwa and made available to journalists in Umuahia, the state capital, Friday morning, regretted that the situation in Abia presently was hellish and claimed that the people of this state were being held to hostage by a clueless government led by Ikpeazu which it alleged, has exhibited ineptitude and unimaginable failure since May 29, 2015. Recall that Governor Ikpeazu had during his Statewide broadcast to mark the 28th Anniversary of the creation of Abia state held in August 27th, assured the people of the State that his administration will complete every on-going infrastructural projects before the expiration of his second term. The statement read partly, “It is has become a tradition in our democracy for every new administration and head of government to celebrate first 100 days in office. This affords such celebrant(s) to showcase policy foundation, ongoing and completed projects as well as predict possible deliverables to inspire hope among the governed. “This has also afforded mostly the state governors completing their second tenure opportunity to commission projects apparently carried over from their first lap of their administration while also showcasing new projects, policies and programmes conceived to deliver a successful second tenure. “After registering a colossal failure in his first tenure without verifiable and people oriented projects except visibly abandoned white-elephants projects corruptly undertaken to siphon the state treasury. It is disheartening that while states in South East like Ebonyi, Enugu and their governors consolidate on their laudable achievements and progress made during their first tenure on the occasion of first 100 days of their second tenure, Abian are languishing in darkness and backwardness under the visionless PDP government led by Okezie Ikpeazu. There is no gainsaying that Abia is rated the worst state in terms of good governance and the least developed state in Nigeria. “It is incontrovertible that the governor and the ruling PDP have got absolute nothing on ground to celebrate except the followings; The abandoned Osisioma Fly-Over, a conduit pipe with which the governor and his surrogates have so far used to siphon about 5 Billion Naira from the treasury of Abia State “The destruction rather than construction of Obikabia-Umuobiakwa-Ururuka Road (The road leading to the governor’s house/village) “The invisible Enyimba Economic City “The non-existent Abia Shoe Factory “The 8-Month Salary Arrears owe to Secondary School Teachers “The 16-Month Salary Arrears owe to Abia Workers “The 30-Month Arrears owe to Abia Pensioners “The all-round deplorable roads in Abia “Contracts Inflation And Money Laundering “The destroyed and abandoned Abiriba-Nkporo road “The neglect of the two Ukwa East and Ukwa West LGAs as well as the oil producing communities of Abia State. “It is unfortunate that Ikpeazu’s failures have given credence to our earlier position that the governor was never prepared for governance but was hurriedly packaged as a stooge by the immediate past governor and his family. “We therefore call upon all well meaning Abians to remain steadfast and pray fervently for Dr. Otti, the 2019 Governorship candidate of our dear party, as he undertakes all necessary steps within the confine of the Law to ensuring that justice prevails over the sham that returned Ikpeazu back to government house.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.