Residents of Ipokia Local Government area of Ogun State can now heave a sigh of relief as Oro worshippers in the area have entered an agreement with government and other religious groups to put an end to the imposition of curfew on communities during their festivals, DAILY POST reports. The Oro cult groups also agreed to be handed over to the police in any event of mistake or breach of the agreement. DAILY POST reports that Oro is an annual traditional festival that is of patriarchal nature, as it is only celebrated by male descendants who are paternal natives to the specific locations where the particular event is taking place. During the festival, females and non-natives stay indoors as oral history has it that Oro must not be seen by women and non-participating people. Hitherto, there have been crises over the imposition of curfew, between Christians/Muslims and Oro worshippers in Idiroko, Ajegunle, Ilase, Oko Eye, Agosasa, Ibatefin, Ifonyintedo and others in Ipokia Local Government. But a document made available to DAILY POST now indicates that an agreement was reached at a religious stakeholders’ meeting held at the Conference Room of Ipokia Local Government Secretariat on Wednesday. The meeting, which was presided over by the Head of Local Government Administration (HOLGA) in Ipokia, Engr Babatunde Odunlami, had in attendance representatives of Christian and Islamic faithfuls as well as leaders of Oro worshippers. According to the document, Oro festivals will now hold midnight from 12am to 4am and there should be no restriction of any form to non-members within the period. This is in conformity with an Ipokia High Court ruling. It was also agreed that there will be no curfew imposed on the whole town to deprive citizens of free movement; while Christians and Muslims must conduct their services inside churches and mosques respectively. Outside procession with loudspeakers are also forbidden during Oro festivals. Likewise, no religious group should, in their preaching or songs, call traditional worshippers derogatory names and vice-versa, as no one should infringe on the fundamental human rights of citizens as enshrined in the Nigerian constitution. While agreeing to maintain mutual love and security in Ipokia, the religious stakeholders said the agreement should be communicated to respective Obas, Baales and religious leaders across the local government, adding that any religious group that intends to stage a festival must inform the local government, police and other security agencies in writing. DAILY POST reports that the agreement was signed on behalf of Muslim faithful by Faroq Tiamiyu, Yahya Ajibola and Ibrahim Idris, who is the Imam of Idiroko. Christian faithful were represented by Joseph Arogunyo, John Jayeola and Adesina Sunday. For the Oro worshippers, the agreement was signed by Ojo Alade, Gafar Waidi and Suuru Adeyemi. Signing as witnesses were the DPO of Idiroko police station, CSP Opebiyi Sunday; the DPO of Ipokia was represented by CSP Oluku Sunday. Also, the Department of State Services (DSS) was represented by B. E. Bassey, while the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) was represented by DRC Garba Dare. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.