Former President, Olusegun Obasanjo on Sunday advised the Alake and Paramount Ruler of Egbaland, Oba Adedotun Gbadebo to stop listening to those he described as “bad advisers”. Obasanjo also advised Oba Gbadebo to ensure unity among all monarchs in Egba for the development of the area, saying it is high time all traditional rulers in the land worked in unity for the socio-economic development of Ogun State. The former President gave the charge at the coronation ceremony of Oba Saburee Babajide Bakre, Jamolu II, the 9th Agura of Gbaguraland at Oke-Iddo in Abeokuta. He said, “Alake, I am happy that you are here because when you ascended the throne, the first speech you gave then was encouraging and appealing, but, you later listened to (bad) advisers. “Don’t listen to bad advisers on Agura, ensure that everyone come together so that there can be development in Egbaland. All of you should work together to achieve development. You all need to support government for socio-economic development. You must all join hands together to ensure community development because your support will help government to develop the state.” Obasanjo, who was a superior officer to the Alake during their days in the military, urged all monarchs in the state capital to steer clear of the aged-long bickering and rivalry among the Obas as prolonged bickering would neither bring peace nor development to Egbaland and Ogun State. To the new monarch, he warned against joining old issues with Alake and other Obas in Egbaland, saying he should leverage on his quality exposure as retired senior officer of Nigeria Customs Service to further unite Obas in the land as peace and unity are needed in the country today. “Kabiyesi, you have a lot of work to do in Gbaguraland and Abeokuta as a whole. Our traditional rulers are not united and you do not have bad baggage because as you are coming, your hands are pure, you must ensure that everything about you is pure. “Kabiyesi, don’t let anybody tell you that they don’t do it this way, if you want to ensure that your reign brings peace and development to Gbagura, you may have to act out of the box. “When I and Muritala were doing it then, we told Queen of England that she could not come to Nigeria. My father cannot confront Queen, but, because the world has changed that is why I was able to tell her not to come and she did not come. “You will be the king in the day and night and follow all the customs that surround the throne.” Obasanjo stated. Meanwhile, the new Agura of Gbagura, pledged to support the State government and other monarchs to move Egbaland and Ogun State forward. Other dignitaries at the coronation ceremony included the Deputy Governor of Ogun State, Engr. Noimot Salako-Oyedele; Speaker and a former Speaker of Ogun State House of Assembly, Hon. Olukunle Oluomo and Tunji Egbetokun respectively; former Governor of Lagos State; Sinatu Ojikutu, among others. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.