The Minister of State for Environment, Sharon Ikeazor has disclosed that President Muhammadu Buhari appointed her as minister due to hard work. Ikeazor, who was the immediate past Executive Secretary of the Pension Transitional Arrangement Directorate, PTAD, said Buhari appointed her solely on the basis of her work at PTAD. Speaking at a reception organised in her honour in Abuja, Ikeazor stated that the President never judged her by her tribe or religion before appointing her but on the basis of hard work. The former PTAD boss assured that she would continue to fight for pensioners in the country. According to Ikeazor: “If one pensioner complain to me, I will blow the alarm and we have to continue doing that work. “To the pensioners, let me say that you now have a voice at the Federal Executive Council. I may be at the Ministry of Environment. But Pension issues, whether Military of Civil, I am still madam pension. “My father taught us to hate injustice and fight against social injustice. Non payment of pension after a man or woman has worked several years is grave social injustice. “I am glad that under President Muhammadu Buhari, we have been to address that. We have built a strong institution in PTAD. It is not about a strong man or woman, but a strong institution. “I keep saying that the Nigeria of our dream is possible and we can achieve it. How was I able to achieve mine? I joined politics. Politics is life and life is politics. I left the law school in 1985 and followed my father’s footsteps. I didn’t get much satisfaction from law and I got into project management, consulting. “The Sosoliso air crash was the turning point in my life. 60 children died in a plane crash and you tell me its an act of God? It was not an act of God but pure negligence by those who operated the aircraft and the airport facilities. We protested and there was no action taken. No minister resigned and nothing happened. “We the women made up of Catholic Women Organisation and Muslim Women were protesting daily and nothing happened. It was then I decided that I needed a platform where my voice will be heard and I can make the difference and that platform was politics. “Which was the most decent political party that I could join and maintain my integrity? It was the Congress for Progressive Change (CPC) under President Buhari. Everybody thought I was crazy but I was there for a purpose. Buhari was fighting social injustice and I was fighting social injustice. “I can stand here you before today and say that President Buhari never judged me by my tribe or my religion. He only judged me by the mandate he gave me. I am glad that I was able to deliver on the mandate he gave me and I hope to deliver on the next one.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.