Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, has approved the appointment of the Board of the Local Government Service Commission and the Oyo State Transport Management Agency (OYTROMA). A statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Taiwo Adisa, confirmed on Tuesday that the Governor has appointed Dr. Remi Ayodele as the Chairman of the Oyo State Local Government Service Commission. Also named as Chairman of the State’s Road Transport Management Agency is Mogaji Akin Fagbemi, while Mr. Kunle Yusuf has been appointed the Senior Special Assistant on Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The statement named other members of the Local Government Service Commission as including Alhaji Oyesina Oyedeji (full-time member), Mr. John Abisoye Adisa Oke (full-time member), Alhaji Oke Taiwo (part-time member) and Mrs. Nike Arewa (part-time member). Dr Fagbemi, a holder of a certificate in International Food Law from the Michigan State University, USA and a Master’s of Science Degree in Food Processing and Preservation, as well as a PhD in Biotechnology, worked as a top administrator with the National Agency for Food & Drugs Administration and Control (NAFDAC) for almost two decades. The new SSA on SDG, Yusuff, holds an Ordinary National Diploma (OND) in Financial Studies from the Osun State College of Technology (OSCOTECH); a BSc in Political Science from the Olabisi Onabanjo University (OOU) and a Master of Science (MSc) in Peace Studies & Conflict Resolution from the National Open University (NOUN). Oyedeji, an aviation and transport sector expert, graduated from the University of Ibadan with a Bachelor of Education degree in Political Science/Economics and a Master of Education in Social Welfare from the same university, as well as several diploma and certificates in Air Transport Management, Procurement and Supply and Logistics and Transport. He was the PDP standard-bearer for the Iseyin/Itesiwaju/Iwajowa/Kajola Federal Constituency in the 2019 general election. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.