There is tension among residents of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital over the alleged killings of about six persons by some persons suspected to be members of the dreaded ‘Badoo’ group. DAILY POST gathered from some of the residents of the ancient city during the week, that the six persons were reportedly killed by the notorious ‘Badoo Boys’ in gruesome circumstances within the last one month. Badoo cult group, DAILY POST recalled, terrorized residents of Lagos state for some months in Ikorodu and other locations in 2017. It was, however, gathered from residents of Ibadan on Saturday that the six persons were killed in different locations in Akinyele Local Government Area of Ibadan by the people suspected to Badoo who operated in the same manner they operated in Lagos state. The first incident, according to a resident who asked not to be named, occurred at Abatakan, near Ojoo, about one month ago, where four persons were said to have been killed. He added that the second case occurred in Fatokun area of Moniya, also in Akinyele Local Government Area, about two weeks ago. One person was said to have been killed. The source disclosed that the third incident took place at Olomowewe in Akingbile on Saturday, August 24, where one person was killed. The assailants were reported to have used grinding stones to smash the heads of their victims, wiping their blood with handkerchiefs, and dumping the corpses without stealing anything from them. Another source told our correspondent that a survivor of the suspected ritual killers is receiving treatment at the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, while another, who had been treated at a different hospital, is said to have been discharged. The alleged killings has made some residents to reduce the time they spend outside while some people decided to remained indoors especially in the night. The residents in a broadcast message shared among social media groups, a copy of which was obtained by DAILY POST on Saturday, warned against opening doors to someone they don’t know. The message sent to DAILY POST by a concerned resident reads, “Announcement to all Ibadan residence and its environment. This is very new method ritualist use now and 6 people have been killed on 26/08/2019. “They enter peoples house not only at night but anytime they notice there is someone inside and there is available entrance for them, they smash there victim with grinding stone on head and use cloth to clean there blood and escape with the cloth. “Please, let make sure we always lock our doors and never open door to see someone we don’t know knocking our doors. Abo Olorun a daju lori wa o. Lets pass it to our people.” Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the state, Mr Olugbenga Fadeyi, while reacting, however, said that the conclusion that the killings were perpetuated by Badoo group has not been confirmed. Fadeyi, who told DAILY POST that the Police has commenced investigation into the matter, added that concerted efforts are in place to clampdown the perpetrators. He said, “The conclusion that the killings were perpetuated by suspected Badoo has not been confirmed. “The Police has commenced investigating into the matter. Concerted efforts are being put in place to clampdown on the hoodlums. Adequate security have been emplaced in those areas to protect lives and property of the people.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.