The Buhari Media Organisation (BMO) has said the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has run out of ideas and is now pushing out unverified claims and mixing facts with outright fiction. The organisation said it was obvious in the manner the party and its presidential candidate in the last election, Atiku Abubakar, were recycling old reports to take a swipe at the President Muhammadu Buhari administration. In a statement by its Chairman Niyi Akinsiju and Secretary Cassidy Madueke, BMO said there was nothing in PDP’s recent claims of capital flight from Nigeria. “Like a drowning man, the PDP has not ceased clutching at straw, and that is exactly what it was doing in its attempt to cast the Buhari administration and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in bad light. “The latest is the PDP’s bid to capitalise on a report issued by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) just after the 2019 elections as proof that Foreign Direct Investments (FDI) are on a decline on President Buhari’s watch. “But in the rush to put out what they considered as a good line of attack, PDP leaders were either too lazy or too overzealous to realise that the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) had shot down the UNCTAD investment report on Nigeria with facts and figures, several months ago. “For the avoidance of doubt, the report by the UN body centred on the 2018 financial period during which it claimed there was a decrease of over 40 per cent in FDI inflows. However, available records at CBN showed a significant increase in foreign investments at the time. “In fact, the total capital inflows in 2018 stood at $19.07 billion, out of which FDI accounted for $7.78 billion, which is clearly more than what the report cited by PDP shows. “Also, capital inflow into the country in the first five months of 2019 is $14.2 billion, out of which FDI accounted for $2.87 billion, or 20.18 per cent of the total amount,” BMO added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.