The Ogun State Police Command said it has arrested a 52-year-old father, Emmanuel Ikhine, for allegedly impregnating his 18-year-old daughter. Ikhine reportedly had carnal knowledge of her daughter several times which resulted in pregnancy. The randy father was said to have divorced his wife a few years ago and had since been having carnal knowledge of her only female child out of three children. The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Abimbola Oyeyemi, disclosed this in a statement on Monday. Oyeyemi said the suspect was arrested following a report by a neighbour, Yemisi Ashade. The PPRO said the daughter reported the case to a neighbour when she could no longer bear the pains of sexual assaults by her father. According to Oyeyemi, the daughter said she was threatened not to divulge the affair to anyone. Oyeyemi said the command discovered that the daughter was pregnant for her father when a test was conducted on her. “She stated further that she can no longer bear the sexual assault hence she confided in her. “Upon the report, the DPO Sango -Ota, CSP Godwin Idehai, detailed his detectives to the scene where the randy father was promptly arrested. “On interrogation, he made a confessional statement that he has been having carnal knowledge of the victim long before now since he has separated from his wife. “The victim who claimed to be the only girl amongst the three children of her father explained how the suspect has been sleeping with her whenever her two brothers are not around with threat, but, when she can not bear it, she reported to their neighbour who brought her to the station to report. “The victim was taken to hospital where it was confirmed that she was already pregnant for her father. “Meanwhile the Commissioner of Police, Bashir makama, has ordered the immediate transfer of the suspect to the Anti-human Trafficking and Child Labour Unit of state Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department for further investigation and prosecution,” Oyeyemi stated. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.