A successful, intelligent and young woman says, “Diligence has taken me farther rather than luck would have, which is achieved through seriousness and sense of purpose”, this statement has been a driving force for Barrister Mrs. Ngozi Ekeoma, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Nepal Oil and Gas Services Limited. Nepal Oil and Gas services Ltd. was established in 2004 when Barrister Ekeoma was barely 32 years old, she graduated from the University of Lagos with a Bachelor’s degree in law in 2004 and was called to the Nigerian Bar the following year. An alumnus of the prestigious Harvard Business School Boston, USA. She is a member of the Nigerian Institute of Chartered Arbitrators. Ngozi is a young and dynamic entrepreneur who has contributed her energy and committed herself to many Corporate Social Responsibility activities and has earned a name for herself and even for the company. She is a major force in the battle against unemployment and youth recalcitrance in Nigeria especially in her company’s areas of operation and has taken many of the unemployed youth off the streets through her flair for business and management. She oversees the company’s day to day activities and she and her team members have innovatively repositioned the company to becoming a reference point for operators in the Nigerian downstream Oil & Gas sector. Her philanthropic acts is evident in the following projects that have been initiated by her company under her leadership, they are: the Pa Anyaso Skill Acquisition Centre in Igbere, Abia State; the provision of pipe borne water at Igbimidaka, Oghareki, Delta State; the Free Health Outreach, 2014 in Igbere, Abia State; the SOS outreach, at Sought- After women & Children foundation Orphanage in Lekki Lagos, the Nepal Scholarship Scheme for eligible undergraduates and the “Operation clothe the widows” in different parts of the country. In addition to all this, Mrs. Ekeoma has built and furnished a block of classrooms for the Oghara Community in Delta Sate in their proposed police college which will soon be commissioned. She also provided food, shelter and amenities to flood victims in Bayelsa in 2013 and also in Benue in 2017. She also organizes medical outreaches in Abia State and the donation of wheelchairs and crutches to patients at the Orthopedic, maternity and children’s wards in hospitals in Abia. Mrs. Ekeoma finds pleasure in imparting business knowledge and ideas to younger ones who have the privilege and opportunity of coming in close contact with her. She is widely travelled and has served as a resource person in many workshops, seminars, lectures and symposia. She enjoys reading, meeting people, photography, dance and community service. She is a devout Christian and patron of the Boys’ Brigade of Nigeria. Mrs. Ekeoma was born on 29th April, 1972, she hails from Igbere, Bende LGA of Abia State, Nigeria. She attended Aba Girls Secondary School, Abayi. A lawyer by profession, she has received several trainings in management, alternative dispute resolution, leadership and strategy both at the local and international levels. She sits on the Boards of many business endeavours She is also a director of Southglobe Limited- a financial outfit in Lagos, as well as a director of Genesis Electricity Limited; an Independent Power Project Company, Quest Shipping Ltd, First Fenders Ltd, Sorties Logistics, Emline Nigeria Ltd and Legend Express Alliance Resources Ltd. Ngozi is an astute entrepreneur, wealth creator and employer of labour. Her business interests span different fields in oil and gas, agriculture, manufacturing, power, money market, shipping and logistics. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.