Governors of the oil producing states have resolved to meet President Muhammadu Buhari over his recent appointments of members of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) Board. Gov. Seriake Dickson of Bayelsa disclosed this while speaking with newsmen after the governors’ meeting held on Thursday night in Abuja. Dickson said that the governors cutting across nine oil producing states and different political parties, met to discuss and review current developments and their concerns pertaining to the NDDC. “We are all unanimously of the view that we are concerned about the governance process within that very critical agency”, NAN quoted him as saying. “We are aware of the general dissatisfaction in the region and in the various states. “We are also concerned about the way the recent appointments have been made. “Arising from all of these, we want to use this opportunity to call for calm in all our states and across the region. “As you are aware, there were some protests in so many states following the recent appointments that were made. “Accordingly, we decided that as as soon as it is convenient with Mr President, we intend to have audience with him. ”We are critical stakeholders and the NDDC is a very critical developmental agency that is supposed to partner and collaborate with the state governors. Unfortunately we have not seen much collaboration. “So, we intend as a body to have audience with Mr President in no distant time, at least to discuss in greater details, our views on some of these critical issues affecting the NDDC, so that the agency will be repositioned for greater efficiency, and then we have an effective governance mechanism to carry on with their business. “Following our interaction, we may have more to disclose to the public.” At the meeting were Governors Emmanuel Udom of Akwa Ibom, Rotimi Akeredolu (Ondo), Godwin Obaseki (Edo), and the deputy governors of Imo and Abia. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.