There is palpable tension in Edunabon, a sleepy town in Ife North Local Government of Osun State, over controversy surrounding kingship process in the community. DAILY POST recalls that the town erupted into crisis after the demise of late Oba Elijah Omoloye Ayelade Agunbiade 1, who joined his ancestors after reigning for 24 years as Salu of Edunabon. The crisis thereafter reached a crescendo on December 19, 2018 following the installation of a new king, Oba Adesoji Kehinde Oladepo, as the traditional palace was set ablaze, while many were seriously brutalised. Speaking on the issue on Thursday, at the NUJ Correspondents’ Chapel in Osogbo, the Osun State capital, the newly installed monarch, Oba Adesoji Kehinde Oladepo condemned the turn of events in the town, saying “dissidents would be legally dealt with henceforth “. He denied that his ascendancy of the throne was controversial in any way, adding that he remained the authentic Salu of Edunabon, going by the state government’s pronouncement of his candidacy on November 26, 2018 and subsequent issuance of letter of appointment to him on November 28. He chided one Nasiru Adebayo, who contested the stool with him for allegedly fanning embers of discord by parading himself as king. He further accused Adebayo and the head of kingmakers, the Olosi of Edunabon, Chief Olatidoye E.Oyedokun of conspiring to frustrate the process that led to his emergence as the new Salu of Edunabon, to the extent of setting the palace ablaze. “On 2nd November, 2018, the local government sent letters of invitation to all the seven candidates, from Isibomi ruling house. On the 9th of November 2018, all the stakeholders were present at the local government hall in a peaceful atmosphere. “Thereafter, all the candidates were called for manifestoes accordingly and all pledged to support whoever emerges as Salu of Edunabon. After the selection exercise, I was selected as Salu-elect of Edunabon. All the candidates rejoiced with me and signed the peace agreement to support and take Edunabon to greater height except Adebayo, who boycotted the selection process after obtaining the form of interest from the local government. “The local government authority sent all the records of selection processes to the Ministry on the 9th and 13th of November, 2018 and the same letter was also communicated to our Father, Imperial Majesty, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, the Ooni of Ife, who remains a consenting authority on the same day. “My nomination was later approved by the immediate past governor of the state, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, at the last state Executive Council meeting held on the 26th November, 2018 and I was issued appointment letter dated 28th of November, 2018. The same letter was sent to His Imperial Majesty, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, the Ife North Chieftaincy committee and Ife North Local Council Development Area Edunabon “The appointment was also confirmed and given a consenting approval by His Imperial Majesty, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi , when the Isibomi ruling house was invited to Ooni’s palace on 29th of November, 2018. “My appointment was gazetted and published on the 6th of December, 2018 by the Osun State Government of Nigeria No. 7 Volume 28, Notice 32 and Page 91 in the official gazette of the state of Osun. ” I proceeded on seclusion immediately I got my appointment letter as the New Salu of Edunabon as condition precedent to the throne of my forefathers. After concluding all the traditional rites on the 19th of December, 2018. “After pronouncement of my appointment as the Salu of Edunabon, Nasiru Adebayo filed a suit at the High Court of Justice, Ile-Ife challenging me alongside the state governor , Ministry of Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs and the Chairman Ife North West Local Council Development Area. On the 16th of May , 2019, a judgement was delivered in my favour by his lordship Honourable Justice R.A Shiyanbola in which the case was dismissed for lack of merit”, the monarch explained . Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.