Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State Thursday urged newly sworn in commissioners in the state to work with him to take the state to a greater height. Makinde made this appeal while inaugurating the commissioners in the state. He described the commissioners as representatives from academia, former legislators, professionals and business people, stating that they were picked to support his dream for the state, in line with his inaugural speech to make the state better from its ‘despair status’. While lauding them for heeding his calls to serve the state, Makinde said, “With the formidable track record and CVs you all possess, I am happy that you are not working against me.” According to him, “Just as a CEO cannot function without a trusted and tested board of advisors that key into his visions, Oyo State cannot make the desired progress unless we work together. “I have presented my vision for the people of Oyo State. As you take up this appointment, I believe you are keying into this vision. As I said in my inaugural speech, I will delegate effectively, but the buck will always stop with me. I hope that you will likewise take responsibility and not pass the buck. “So, come with me, work with me, let us take Oyo State to greater glory. Together, we can do this.” Makinde before announcing their portfolios, reiterated his commitment to secure the state, saying “by God’s grace in the next few weeks, I will be announcing a new security architecture to tackle the spate of insecurity in our beloved state. “As mentioned earlier, I have not been working alone. No one can do this work alone. It takes cooperation and team spirit to move any endeavor forward, and that is why all fourteen of you will be playing a crucial role in the overall development of Oyo State. “I am looking forward to seeing you come up with innovative and creative policies that will accelerate Oyo State’s journey to greatness. I imagine you sponsoring bills from your various departments that the Executive can escalate. “But most importantly, I desire to see you make focused, intentional and mindful decisions that show that you put Oyo State and our people above personal interests. “I have had one on one interactions with all fourteen of you. Your various endeavours hitherto have prepared you for this moment. You had successful and fulfilling individual careers in the private and public sectors,” he said The new commissioners with their portfolios include: Hon Barrister Adeniyi John Farinto, Budget & Planning; Mr Adeniyi Adebisi, Commerce; Hon Muyiwa Jacob Ojekunle, Agriculture; Prof Oyelowo Oyewo, Justice; Barrister Olasunkanmi Olaleye, Establishment; Barrister Seun Asamu, Energy and Mr. Rahman Abiodun AbdulRaheem, Lands. Others are: Chief Bayo Lawal, Special Duties; Hon. Funmilayo Orisadeyi, Local Government and Chieftancy Matters; Dr Bashir Bello, Health; Hon. Wasiu Olatunbosun, Information; Professor Daud Kehinde Sangodoyin, Education; Mr. Akinola Ojo, Finance and Rt. Hon. Kehinde Ayoola, Environment. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.