An accident, which occurred in the early hours of Friday in Ogun State claimed the lives of six persons, while 24 others sustained various degrees of injuries, DAILY POST reports. The Federal Road Safety Corps in Ogun State said the road crash occurred along the Lagos-Ibadan Highway, around Isara area of Ogun. According to the Ogun FRSC, the traffic crash involved two commercial buses having a head-on collision. A total of 30 persons, made up of 19 male adults, nine female adults, one male child and one female child were involved in the accident. The crash reportedly led to the death of six people, made up of three male adults and three female adults. A statement signed by Ogun FRSC Public Education Officer, Florence Okpe, said a white Toyota Bus with registration number ABC932XJ collided with a white passenger Mazda bus with registration number FST820XD. The fatal crash, Okpe said, “was caused by excessive speed and wrongful overtaking when the Mazda bus travelling from Lagos left its lane while overtaking dangereouly and collided with the Toyota bus coming from Abuja which was travelling on the opposite direction of the expressway.” The injured victims, it was learnt, have been rescued to the nearest hospitals in the area, while the remains of the dead victims have been deposited in the mogue. “11 injured victims were rescued to Victory Hospital Ogere, six other victims were rescued to Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital (OSUTH) Sagamu. The seven other victims were rescued to Idera Hospital Sagamu for medical attention. “The corpses of the six passengers killed in the crash were deposited at the Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital ( OSUTH), Sagamu Mortuary and FOS Ipara Mogue. “The FRSC Ogun State Sector Commander, Clement Oladele has commiserated with the families of the deceased victims and wished those injured quick recovery. “He has also informed members of the public to contact the FRSC Commands in either Ogere or Ogunmakin for details of the crash. They may also contact the aforementioned medical facilities for details of the incident,” Okpe explained. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.