The Nigerian Army has provided an update on the soldier who allegedly shot and killed a motorcycle rider, Chimaobi Nwaogu, of Umuokereke-Ngwa, in Obingwa LGA Abia State. The Army had earlier told Nigerians that investigation had revealed that Lance Corporal Ajayi Johnson, one of the soldiers deployed at Forward Operations Base in Ohanze for security duty, absconded his duty location. A statement issued on Wednesday by the Army deputy spokesman, Col Aliyu Yusuf, disclosed that the soldier was duly charged, tried and reduced to the rank of a private and subsequently dismissed from Service. It added that Ajayi has also been formally handed over to the Nigerian Police Force, Abia State Command today for further necessary action. The statement read, “Reference 82 Division Nigerian Army earlier press release dated 10th of August 2019 on the arrest of Lance Corporal Ajayi Johnson who allegedly killed an Okada rider Mr. Chimaobi Nwaogwu at Umoukereke Ngwa Community of Abia State on 7 August, 2019. In the press release, Headquarters 82 Division assured the general public that the arrested soldier would be tried according to extant rules and regulations of the Nigerian Army and if found wanting appropriate disciplinary action would be taken against him. “Consequently, the Division wishes to inform the general public that the soldier was dully charged, tried and reduced to the rank of a private, subsequently dismissed from Service and is hereby formally handed over to the Nigerian Police Force, Abia State Command today Wednesday the 21st of August 2019 for further necessary action. “The 82 Division will not condone any act of Lawlessness and unprofessional conduct from any of its personnel, and wherever that happens, decisive action will surely be taken against erring personnel. Nigerian Army will continue to assist in the protection of lives and property of all Nigerians as provided for in the constitution of the country.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.