Following the last flood that occurred in Bauchi two days ago where one person was killed with several others displaced, Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has directed the Ministry of Works to immediately mobilise engineers to reopen blocked drainages in the state.
The flood had also destroyed 100 farmlands following the flood that ravaged Kari village in Darazo local government area of the state.
Governor Mohammed directed the Ministry of Works to immediately mobilise engineers and liaise with all contractors handling various road projects within the state capital, to as a matter of urgency unblock all major drainages and culverts to allow the free flow of water.
The directive, according to the spokesperson to the governor, Ladan Salihu, was to ensure that the blockage which had resulted in flooding within the Bauchi metropolis was put under immediate control in order to avoid further flooding.
Salihu, in the statement released from Saudi Arabia, said, “The Executive Governor of Bauchi State Sen. Bala A Mohammed has received full briefing on the most recent flood in the State Capital which has adversely affected some areas”.
“The Governor is deeply saddened by this unfortunate development which has caused devastation to many families.
“His Excellency has already directed for the immediate unblocking of the drainages and culverts blocked due to ongoing roads construction within the metropolis “, the statement further contained.
He stated that the action to be taken by the contractors should be part of their social and corporate responsibility to the immediate communities which they are serving.
“The Governor hereby appeals to citizens to assist in combating the flood by de-silting drainages on all roads and avoid piling rubbish by the roadside in order to avoid an escalation of the flooding”, he concluded.
It will be recalled that some areas within the state capital have been facing flood since the beginning of the rainy season due to the blockage of roads project ongoing within the metropolis, a development that has affected many buildings that have been pulled down. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.