A 15-year-old boy, Jerry Ngwe has allegedly staged his own kidnap and demanded the sum of N500,000 as ransom. The teenager, who was paraded in Jos, the Plateau State capital yesterday, told newsmen that he initiated the plan with his friends in order to enable him buy clothes and celebrate his graduation. “I was the one who initiated the plan and not my friends. I wanted my father to give me money for clothes and to also celebrate my graduation,” he said. Briefing journalists on the arrest of the minor, the Commissioner of Police in Plateau State, Isaac Akinmoyede said five persons were arrested in a case of criminal conspiracy and kidnapping, including the victim who stage-managed his own kidnap. He said the father of the victim, Jerry Vichi, had on July 19 reported at ‘A’ Division, Jos, that his son, working as an apprentice at a motor vehicle electrical wiring shop, did not return after the day’s job. The police boss said the suspect’s father reported that he received a phone call from a hidden number informing him that his son had been kidnapped and taken away from Jos. “The father said the caller demanded for a N500,000 ransom and threatened to kill his son if he informed the police. “Despite the warnings and threats, he could not keep the disturbing news to himself, hence, he reported to the police. “The police succeeded in arresting five suspects including the victim who offered himself to be kidnapped with the hope of extorting money from his father,” he said. Akinmoyede added that the command also arrested 44 suspects in connection with alleged kidnapping, armed robbery, culpable homicide and other cult-related activities as part of its efforts to protect lives and property in the state. “We have arrested 11 notorious kidnap suspects and a syndicate responsible for the recent kidnap at Plateau State Polytechnic Staff quarters, Haipang, Zawan and other places in Jos South Local Government Area,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.