Despite appeals by stakeholders and re-enforcement of police personnel, cult gangs have continued to run riot in Khana Local government area of Rivers state. Two communities in Bangha clan, Khana Local Government Area were sacked over the weekend by suspected members of rampaging cult gangs in the area. Sources told DAILY POST that cult gangs invaded Luu-Mene community, killed unknown number of persons, destroyed houses and beat up the Paramount Ruler, identified as Mene BARISUA, and then extended their attack to Kere-Bangha community where they also committed arson. An indigene of Kere-Bangha, Lucky Deekae, who confirmed the attack, said several inhabitants of his community and their neighbouring Luu-mene community fled their homes for fear of reprisal attacks. Meanwhile, the Rivers state Police Command has denied that the number of casualties recorded in the attack in communities in Khana LGA was high. Spokesman of the Command, DSP Nnamdi Omoni was reacting to reports that 16 persons lost their lives in the gang attack on the two communities. Omoni, in a statement made available to DAILY POST, said the figures being bandied in some sections of the media, is fake news capable of stirring disaffection and causing panic and tension in the State. However, while confirming the incident, Omoni stated that three persons were killed in the two attacks but officers were able to capture two suspected cultists; thirty-three-year-old, Demwua Karagbara and twenty-three year Old, Dinee Prince. The statement reads, “The attention of the Rivers State Police Command has been drawn to the above ‘Caption’ making the rounds on Social and Traditional media on the State of affairs in Opuoko and Lumene Communities in Khana LGA. “Ordinarily, this distorted news should have been ignored as the Command is not given to frivolities and fake news capable of stirring disaffection and causing panic and tension in the State. “However, in order that the public will not be immediately misinformed and hold erroneous impression resulting from the fake news, we have therefore deemed it necessary to put the records straight and state as follows. “That today 18/8/19 at about 0630Hrs, information got to us that a group of Cult boys invaded two Communities in Khana (Opuoko and Lumene) where they attacked and killed one person in Opuoko and two in Lumene, altogether three persons died. “The houses of the LGA Chairman and the former Youth Leader came under attack. “The attackers on sighting the Police took to flight but were chased and two of them arrested, while the trail for others is still on. “Exhibits recovered from them include: Assorted Phones and Military Camouflage. “So far, calm has returned in both Communities. “The CP has ordered Investigation into the incident with a view to ascertaining the remote and immediate causes of the attack and to bring perpetrators to justice. “We are again appealing to the public to help us with useful information that can lead to the arrest of these mindless criminals.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.