It is barely few hours to the commencement of activities for the 2019 Batch B Stream ll Orientation Course across the country. The National Youth Service Corps, NYSC on Saturday, 17th August 2019 released call up letters for prospective corps members. However, there are certain things a prospective corps member must do or have to be admitted to, or survive the camp. DAILY POST has gathered a comprehensive list of essential things corps members-to-be must take to camp. Among the items are some life saving tips listed below: 1. Authentic Student ID Card – (Original and photocopies) 2.Certificate /Statement of Result from your School (Original and 6 Photocopies) in addition if you are a Medical Doctor, Pharmacist or an Optometrist you will be expected to bring along original of your registration certificate with the Nigerian Medical Council, Pharmacist Board or Optometrist Registration Council and evidence of completion of housemanship or internship. 3. NYSC Call-up letter (Original and 6 photocopies) 4. Recent Passport Photograph – WHITE BACKGROUND (24 copies) 5. Compulsory medical certificate from a government or military hospital showing health status. Going to camp with the above listed documents and items will get you through your registration at the orientation camp, up to the point of collection of mattress and your NYSC KIT. The NYSC kit consists of: 2 round neck loosely fitted white T-shirts, 2 pair of white shorts, One NYSC crested vest, a pair of NYSC khaki (Jacket, Belt and trousers), a crested NYSC cap, a pair of Jungle boots, a pair of NYSC white tennis shoes. Meanwhile, here’s a list of 10 survival kits during the three weeks. 1. ROUND-NECKED WHITE T-SHIRTS: This is an essential outfit worn everyday in camp throughout your 3 weeks . 2. WHITE SHORTS: NYSC would give 2 pairs of shorts you may need extra 4 pairs so as not to be stranded because you wouldn’t be able to wash daily. 3. PLAIN WHITE TENNIS SHOES/ WHITE SOCKS: It’s advisable you get one pair of rubber to save yourself from stress alongside leather tennis shoes. 4. CEREALS/PROVISIONS: Essential for those who would not like camp food with cup, plate, water bottle(useful on parade ground or long hours lectures) 5. TOILETRIES: antiseptics, insecticides, towel, sanitary pads, this is essential to keep you from infections and skin reactions. 6. MOSQUITO NET: Take along with a rope to tie it to your bunk to avoid malaria. 7. CASH: At least 25,000 with your ATM card ,there are lots of things that take up money in camp like food, charging of phones, etc. 8. WAIST POUCH: Very essential, it serves as your bank and locker for important items. Things like phones, money, ID card, keys, ATM cards etc. 9. TORCHLIGHT OR RECHARGEABLE LAMPS: In preparation for morning drills at 5am and at night after lights out. 10. PADLOCKS: please lock your boxes and bags to avoid regrets. People who lost things to thieves due to carelessness. Others are: bed sheets, Pillow Cases, Pillow, Power bank, pain relief drugs, antibiotics etc. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.