The Imo governorship gandidate of the Action Alliance, AA, Uche Nwosu has directed his lawyers to appeal the Federal High Court Abuja ruling nullifying his candidature for the election. The court presided over by Justice Ekwo in suit no: FHC/ABJ/CS/235/2019 BETWEEN ACTION PEOPLE’S PARTY AND ANOR. VS. INEC AND 2ORS, on Monday held that Nwosu was nominated by APC and AA on 5th and 6th of Oct 2018 which amounts to multiple/double nomination and therefore offends the provisions of section 87 of the electoral act 2010 as amended. Reacting to the development, Director of Media and Publicity, Ugwumba Uche Nwosu Campaign Organization, Mr Onwuasoanya Jones, said Imo Governor, Emeka Ihedioha, was behind the suit. A statement he signed read: “But for the desperation of a known usurper to prolong his illegal stay in the Imo State Government House, there would not have been any further attempt to disturb and possibly discredit the judiciary with such frivolous petitions, as the Supreme Court, being the highest court in the land, had already rested every matter concerning the candidacy of His Excellency Ugwumba Uche Nwosu, and affirmed him duly nominated. “That His Excellency Ugwumba Uche Nwosu, even though, he sought to, was never at any time, the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress, as his name was never forwarded to the Independent National Electoral Commission, nor published by the Electoral Commission as a candidate of the APC. “That the only Party whose candidate he was and still is, for the 2019 general elections, is the Action Alliance (AA). Therefore, the issue of double nomination does not arise. “That the National Chairman of the Action People’s Party lacks the locus to institute this matter in the first place, and that the issue under review is already statute barred, as it was filed outside the 14 days stipulated by Section 285(9) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (As Amended). “That the honorable Justice Inyang Ekwo was misled by the plaintiff to enter this erroneous judgement, and His Excellency Ugwumba Uche Nwosu has instructed his lawyers to immediately proceed on Appeal. “That while the recorded plaintiff in this matter is a certain Michael Ikeagwuonu, alias, Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere, we know that the real plaintiff is sitting cool on Imo funds with which he goes on many wild goose chases in a desperate, but ridiculous attempt to prolong the illegality of his present position, and if possible, override clear-cut Constitutional requirements. “That we further request the pro tem governor of Imo State, His Excellency Rt Hon Emeka Ihedioha to desist from squandering Imo’s funds in attempts to obtain easy escape from the hovering Constitutional hammer, and rather deploy the huge sum of money, available to him, to tackle issues of governance.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.