Nigerians have shared diverse opinions in reaction to the sack of Dino Melaye by the National Assembly Election Tribunal in Kogi State. DAILY POST had reported that the election of Melaye, the lawmaker representing Kogi West senatorial district, at the Senate was nullified on Friday. The three-man panel led by Justice A. O. Chijioke, in a unanimous judgment on Friday, accepted the election challenger’s ground and ordered for another election in the senatorial district. Below are some reactions on Twitter: @007author, “Akpabio will be somewhere laughing hysterically at this news.” @Itsedidiong, “Sorry sir. Take heart.” @YusufMonday13, “Together we stand with you @Dreamyman “His excellence, you have always be on the side of the people and it is our turn to be on your part. God will fight for you sir.” @A-2Omaa, “Congratulations is all we your fans will keep telling u, for kogi, it koya for SDM as kogi Governor. @Olaleye86364, “It is an attempt to frustrate your gubernatorial ambition. Stay focused. One love DINO.” @Josephjake1, “No problem oga mi. You will still be the Gov. Dino for logo.” @Ekondeyo, “God with you sir, mandate unshakable…. Ride on SDM. @Remainloyal, “What’s yours would be yours God’s willing higher and Better you I pray.I like your courage and persvearance God is with you. @Jonathanbawa, “We are praying for you….God will give you the opportunity to lead Kogite to a greater height.” @Benaniekentein, “My political mentor, may God grant you your heart desires and you become the standard flag bearer in kogi state. I have been your boy for years now Sir and will continue to spread your news Sir. God bless your ambition. @Abu_Abdul_Samad, “That is why I like you. You are like a pẹpẹ in a soup capable to spoil the whole cook but in real sense has no known nutrient added to the soup. How will this be fast track to supreme Court is all I am waiting for impatiently.” @FreshMr, “All the best my ever mentor and leader of the people.” @Icon_Ayodeji, “Democracy is in danger!!! Thr crew will soon arrive.” @Jimosolz, “They are currently in their WhatsApp group on how to respond. Give them small time!” @DeleAtiba1, “My eyes sef. I think I need glasses. What I first read was ‘Tinubu sacks Dino Melaye….'” @Abd23k, “Dino is seen as enemy of the state and when the state is after you, only God can save. the question now is Dino on the good books of God? @Bogumodede, “This is becoming very interesting, is he going to contest for two posts at the same time? Governorship on one front and Senate on the other.” @ndprince24, “This is not my Nigeria,time to dismantle this entity or plantation called a country.” @Joeydblackpen, “Jezu, haba na, can’t we just have rest. Well let the default response begin. Apc – this is victory for democracy, pdp – democracy has been truncated, we will appeal. Lawyers will be just be somewhere laughing out loud.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.