The 81 Division of the Nigerian Army in Lagos State, on Wednesday, said that no one was killed by its patrol team at Isheri Olofin community in the state. DAILY POST reported that the Ogun State Police Command earlier narrated how four men of the Nigerian Army allegedly killed two civilians and injured several others on Tuesday during a party at Isheri Olofin. In a statement by the police spokesperson, Abimbola Oyeyemi, he said four men of the Nigerian Army, believed to be from Ikeja Cantonment and posted to Kara Market, left their beats and went to Isheri Olofin, where the indigenes of the town were celebrating their annual “Isheri Day”. The soldiers, according to Oyeyemi, had a minor disagreement with some youths when they got to the event, causing the soldiers to start shooting sporadically into the air, killing two. But, the Army Spokesperson, Lt.-Col. Olaolu Daudu, in a statement on Wednesday, clarified that there was no firing by the soldiers on patrol in the community. According to him, “There was no exchange of fire between the alleged cult group and the patrol team throughout the period of the intervention.” The statement read: “The attention of the Division has been drawn to a story insinuating that soldiers of 9 Brigade on patrol were involved in the killing of three people in Isheri Olofin Community on Aug. 13. “The Division hereby states that the patrol team, in response to a distress call, made a prompt intervention to forestall bloody clash among the ‘Isheri boys’ “These Isheri boys are allegedly referred to as a dangerous cult group terrorising the community “It is important to also state that there was no firing or exchange of fire between the patrol team and the boys. “There was no exchange of fire between the alleged cult group and the patrol team throughout the period of the intervention. “However, one of our soldiers got a deep cut on the head arising from the team’s efforts to avert lethal conflict in the community, he was taken to the Gentalbert Hospital for first aid treatment from where he was subsequently transferred to the Military Hospital. “He is responding to treatment at the moment and peace has since been restored to the affected area. “Members of the public are requested to disregard the news indicating the so called killing of three people in the area. “The news is baseless and is therefore fake. “The General Officer Commanding (GOC) 81 Division, Nigerian Army, Maj.-Gen. JO Irefin, once again assures the public of the resolve to protect lives and property of all law abiding citizens of the state and environs. “He urged the people to continue with their legitimate routine activities unhindered.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.