Celtic and FC Porto have been dumped out of this season’s Champions League competition. Ajax and Red Star Belgrade booked their places in the playoff round after Celtic and Porto were eliminated in a dramatic evening on Tuesday. Celtic crashed out in a 4-3 home defeat by CFR Cluj on Tuesday. The Scottish champions made a storming start to the second half to go 2-1 but Scott Brown’s handball allowed Billel Omrani to net from the spot. Ryan Christie soon put Celtic back in front but Omrani quickly levelled again on the rebound in the 80th minute to put the Romanians ahead on away goals in Glasgow. George Tucudean then netted with the last kick of the game to seal a 5-4 aggregate win in the third qualifying round. Dutch giants, Ajax came from behind to beat PAOK 3-2 for a 5-4 aggregate win over the Greeks. Red Star knocked out FC Copenhagen on penalties after a bizarre shootout involving 22 spot-kicks. Krasnodar sprung a major upset with a 3-2 win at Porto to advance on away goals after losing the home leg 1-0. Portuguese power house Porto fell 3-0 behind to Krasnodar in a dire first half for the Portuguese side. The Portuguese side hit back in the second half through Ze Luis and Luis Diaz but the Russian visitors held on at the Dragao stadium. Dynamo Kiev looked like overturning a 1-0 first-leg deficit against Club Bruges after Vitaliy Buyalskiy netted early on but the Belgian side hit back. Stoppage-time substitute Lois Openda silenced the home crowd in Kiev barely a minute after coming on, scoring in the 96th minute to secure a 3-3 draw and book Bruges a playoff clash with Austrians LASK. LASK followed up their 2-1 win at Basel with a 3-1 home victory over the Swiss team, while Dinamo Zagreb thumped Ferencvaros 4-0 away after a 1-1 home draw with the Hungarians. In the game of the night, Rosenborg beat Maribor 3-1 for a 6-2 overall win over the Slovenians, APOEL won 2-0 at Qarabag to overturn a 2-1 home defeat and Olympiakos Piraeus beat Istanbul Basaksehir 2-0 for a 3-0 aggregate triumph over the Turkish side. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.