The Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Polytechnic, SSANIP, chapter of the Rufus Giwa Polytechnic, Owo, RUGIPO, has lashed out at the governing council of the institution for terminating the appointments of members of staff of the Polytechnic Staff School. According to the association’s chairman, Comrade Chris Olowolade, who frowned at the manner at which the affected workers were sacked, maintained that the governing council goofed over its decision to privatise the staff primary and secondary school. Describing the move as unpopular, he emphasized that the staff school was performing optimally across board. DAILY POST had reported how over 40 workers of the institution’s staff school were disengaged following its privatization by the governing council. The move according to the Acting Rector, Gani Ogundahunsi, was taken in line with the executive order of Gov Akeredolu sent to the polytechnic’s Governing Council over the overbearing cost of running the staff school. The association, however, commended timely intervention of the state governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu over the development. “It is unfair for the management and the Governing Council to treat the staff of the Polytechnic staff school like lepers at crucial period of their careers. The decision is unpopular more so that the school is performing optimally in curricula activities. The staff in question are 100% qualified and bonafide staffers of the Polytechnic who should not under any guise be treated otherwise by the management. “This claim is verifiable in various ways which include, the nature or mode of their employment, regularisation and confirmation of their appointment. They all met the criteria and procedures used for their promotion,” the labour leader opined. “We want to appreciate our Governor, Arakunrin Oluwarotimi Akeredolu for directing reabsorption of the disengaged workers of the Rufus Giwa Polytechnic, Owo RUGIPO Staff Schools.” Olowolade dismissed a statement credited to the State Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Donald Ojogo that, “the salaries and other benefits of workers of the staff schools have never been the burden of the state government since the establishment of the schools. “Staff schools are integral section of the Polytechnic, the staff there are employees of the Polytechnic since its creation.” He assured the affected workers that the crisis would soon be resolved amicably, making reference to the SSANIP leaders meeting with the Governor on 23 July, 2019 in his office, where he said that Akeredolu promised that none of the affected workers would lose their jobs.  Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.