The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Saturday, raised an alarm that gunmen dressed in military uniform have been invading homes of their party members ahead of the November 16, governorship election in the state. It also specifically alleged that Musa Adelabu, Chairman of the Okene local government chapter of the party was abducted to unknown destination. The opposition party’s spokesman, Kola Ologbondiyan made these allegations in a statement in Abuja. In his words, “The PDP alerts Nigerians on how gunmen dressed in military uniform have been invading homes of PDP members including the Chairman of Okene LGA chapter of the party, Musa Adelabu, who the gunmen abducted to an unknown destination. “The PDP has information that the assailants were sponsored and detailed by desperate elements in APC that have become frenetic over the overwhelming rejection of their party in Kogi state. “The APC is aware that it has already lost grounds in Kogi state, following its woeful performance in the last four years under the out-going Governor Yahaya Bello, and as such, it is seeking ways to muscle its way by manipulations, harassment, coercing and bullying, which will be resolutely resisted by the people of Kogi State. “Our party has also been made aware of how a long list of Kogi citizens and PDP supporters has been submitted to certain compromised security agents and urges the Police and military high command to take steps to curb the situation. “The PDP, in an unequivocal terms, states that it stands with the people of Kogi state in firm resistance to any heinous plot by the APC to prevent the people from voting them out in November. “Three days ago”, Ologbondiyan added, “another vocal member of the PDP in the state, Abdlu-salam Kunaye, was picked up in a similar manner”. Ologbondiyan alleged that the APC leadership “has only brought excruciating poverty, deprivation, suicide, wanton looting, impunity and total disregard to the wellbeing of citizens and nothing can detract from the people’s resolve to free their state from the alleged oppressive clutches of the APC.” The PDP claimed that despite odds, the people of the state have already made up their minds to vote out the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). It demanded the immediate release of the Okene LGA Chairman and all those abducted, saying their incarceration was already raising tension capable of sparking serious consequences. He said, “The people of Kogi state are looking up to the PDP to rescue the state from tyranny and nothing can stop them from achieving their resolve of voting in the PDP, which is their party of choice, in the November 16 governorship election”. The party promised to stand together in victory with the people of the state. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.