Authorities of the University of Ibadan, Ibadan, has announced that armed policemen from the Oyo State Police Command have been engaged to complement the Campus Security Service in patrolling the entire campus with immediate effect. The institution made this announcement via a circular signed by its Vice-Chancellor, Professor Idowu Olayinka, copies of which were sent to all principal officers of the institution. DAILY POST recalls that the decision to involve policemen was necessary in view of the recent robbery attacks on the campus. Our correspondent gathered that some armed robbers had in July this year, attacked the Obafemi Awolowo hall, where students’ property ranging from mobile telephones, laptops and money were forcefully taken away from the innocent female students. Our correspondent gathered that, no fewer than two students were injured in the robbery attack in the female hostel. A month later, a similar incident was recorded at the Abubakar Abdulsalami hall, a post-graduate hostel, where students property worth over two hundred and fifty Naira were taken away. Some students were also injured during the Sunday attack. The attacks made the institution to impose a partial curfew on the campus after it banned male visitors in its female hostels. The partial curfew which takes effect from last Wednesday is expected to run between 12 midnight and 5am. However, the institution while declaring that it has revised and reviewed its security system, said the decision to engage the policemen was taken at its security committee meeting on Monday. Olayinka in the statement obtained by DAILY POST on Tuesday added that all business outfits, including restaurants, should close not later than 9pm every evening. He added that the physical panning and project management unit of the institution will embark on demolition of illegal structures in residential areas. The statement reads, “The University Security Committee met today to review the current security situation on the Campus of the University of Ibadan. Some decisions were taken after reviewing the security situation thus far. “There will be armed policemen from the Oyo State Police Command to compliment the Campus Security Service in patrolling the entire Campus with immediate effect. “All business outfits, including restaurants, should close not later than 9 pm every evening. “The Campus Security Service will embark on random checks of staff quarters to identify unauthorized occupants of university residences. “The Physical Planning and Project Management Unit will embark on demolition of illegal structures in residential areas. “The above measures have been taken in order to ensure the safety and security of life and property in the community. “Kindly cooperate with the Management in the overall interest of everyone. Thank you.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.