Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Three final year law students of Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, have been abducted by unknown gunmen. They were seized on the notorious Kaduna-Abuja Expressway. A source disclosed that the names of the undergraduates are Fatima from Taraba, Maryam from Niger and Umar from Katsina States respectively. 2. The National and State Assembly Election Petitions Tribunal sitting in Makurdi on Wednesday nullified the election of Mr David Ogewu of All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) and declared Mr Samson Okwu of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) winner of the Obi/Oju Federal Constituency election. The Tribunal Chairman, Justice A.A Adeleye, therefore, directed the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to withdraw the Certificate of Return issued to Ogewu and give it to Okwu. 3. A bloody clash on Wednesday left one person killed by taskforce working for the Ebonyi State Government, for an alleged refusal to pay taxes. The bloody clash started when some prominent personalities working for the state government took taskforce agents into the market and sealed about seven shops belonging to some persons believed to have refused to pay income tax. 4. The All Progressives Congress (APC) on Wednesday, shifted the date for the Bayelsa governorship primary from Thursday, August 29 to Saturday, August 31, 2019. The party has also adopted the Direct mode of primary in line with the written request of the Bayelsa State chapter and majority of the stakeholders. This is in compliance with the decision of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC), which grants state chapters and majority of party leaders in a state the right to decide on the mode of primary they wish to adopt. Meanwhile, the APC has upheld the reports of the screening and appeal committees for the Bayelsa Governorship aspirants. 5. A former Deputy Governor of Ogun State during Otunba Gbenga Daniel eight years tenure, Alhaja Salmot Badru, has joined the All Progressives Congress (APC). Badru and Adekunle Akinlade of the Allied Peoples Movement (APM), led some notable leaders and stakeholders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as well as executives of other opposition parties to decamp to the APC. They declared their supports for the administration of Governor Dapo Abiodun. 6. Omoyele Sowore, 2019 presidential candidate of the African Action Congress, AAC, on Wednesday dismissed allegation by the Department of State Services, DSS, that he collected money from Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, to topple the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government. He, however, admitted having had a meeting with Kanu in the United States, US, but insisted he did not receive any fund to wage war against President Buhari. Sowore stated this in a process he filed before the Federal High Court in Abuja, yesterday. 7. A political activist and former Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Timi Frank, on Wednesday revealed plans by prominent Nigerians in Diaspora to stage a massive protest against General Muhammadu Buhari at the forthcoming United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) slated for 17th of September, 2019. He said the protest is aimed at demanding for the release of all political prisoners under the APC administration, freedom for the remaining Chibok girls, Leah Sharibu, Omoyele Sowore, Sambo Dasuki and Ibrahim El Zazaky. 8. A heavy downpour that lasted till the early hour of Wednesday has ravaged a section of the Ado Ekiti capital city and cut off certain parts of the metropolis from the main city. Mainly affected is the Ureje area, along Polytechnic road and other adjoining communities like Boom Town, Eminrin and Ijelu village, fondly called Aba Oyinbo by commuters. The torrential rainfall started around 8pm on Tuesday and fell intermittently throughout the night until 6am on Wednesday. 9. The Theatre Commander, Operation Lafiya Dole, Major-Gen. Olusegun Adeniyi, has condemned the manner the Governor of Borno State made some political statements against the Nigerian Army operations, despite their efforts and sacrifices in providing security to the state and northeast region. Major General Adeniyi stated this at a consultative meeting with a 16-man led Borno elders under the leadership of former governor, Alhaji Asheik Jarma at the Officers Mess, Maimalari Cantonment, while soliciting the support and cooperation of Borno people, particularly, Borno elders, in the execution of the ongoing military operations in the region.
10. President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday attributed the partial closure of Nigeria’s border with Benin Republic to the massive smuggling activities especially of rice, taking place on that corridor. The Nigerian leader gave the reason during an audience granted his Beninois counterpart, Patrice Talon, on the margins of the Seventh Tokyo International Conference for African Development (TICAD7), in Yokohama, Japan on Wednesday. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.