Simon Godwin Idoko, the young man, who graduated with First Class degree in Pure and Applied Chemistry from the Usmanu Danfodiyo University, Sokoto State is dead. DAILY POST gathered that Idoko died on Monday at the age of 29 few days after completing his National Youth Service Corps, NYSC. Idoko was attached to the Godfrey Okoye University, Enugu State, where he served as his Place of Primary Assignment (PPA) in the Chemistry Department as graduate assistant. The real cause of his death is still sketchy at the moment but sources said his burial is ongoing in his country home, Udaburu Owukpa in Ogbadibo LGA of Benue State. Speaking on the development, Mr. Emmanuel Odoh, chairman, Udaburu Development Association, Home Branch said the young chemist died Monday morning in Okpokwu LGA after a brief ailment. “Yes, he died this morning. He’s about to be buried as we speak,” he said amid tears. Meanwhile, his friends and associates have flooded his Facebook wall with condolences messages. His childhood friend and kinsman, Ameh Godwin, said he has been sick for days now, but did not give details of the real ailment. He wrote, “Ogbee! This sounds unbelievable and heartbreaking. You made us proud by graduating with first-class after writing UTME (JAMB) six times, today, you have been snatched by the cold hands of death in a mysterious way. “We spoke few days ago and you promised you were going to be fine. What happened? Is this the ‘fine’ you assured me? This is sad. What a wicked world. In April 2018, the Nigerian mediasphere literally went up in flame with the story of the young, resilient and resolute achiever. Idoko, a native of Udaburu Owukpa, Ogbadibo LGA of Benue State, said his dream of becoming a medical doctor or pharmacist was frustrated after sitting for UTME for five times without success. Still not discouraged, Godwin decided to apply for a different science-related course and was offered to study Applied Chemistry at the Usmanu Danfodiyo University, Sokoto where he graduated with a first-class, garnering a total of 4.75 CGPA. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.