Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Former Deputy Senate President, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, was on Saturday beaten by suspected members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). The incident happened at an event in Germany. 2. The immediate past Deputy President of the Senate, Sen. Ike Enweremadu confirmed a physical assault on him by some members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra, IPOB, in Nuremberg, Germany, on Saturday, but said he was fine. 3. The camp of former president, Goodluck Jonathan, on Saturday, accused Buhari administration of trying to make a case against former President, Goodluck Jonathan by claiming that he is responsible for the $9 billion judgment against Nigeria in the United Kingdom in a case brought against the nation by Messrs P & ID. 4. The Department of State Services (DSS) and the London Metropolitan Police Service, yesterday, received petitions to investigate the documents of President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential election tribunal. 5. Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State, on Saturday, closed his case in the suit instituted by Emmanuel Jime and the All Progressives Congress challenging his re-election. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Saturday, charged the military to be more spontaneous in restoring peace to the country, particularly states troubled by bandits, ordering them “not to spare bandits’’ that have been killing, maiming and extorting innocent citizens. 7. Former president, Goodluck Jonathan yesterday said he had been promoting peace and supporting efforts towards consolidating democracy in Africa since he left office as Nigeria’s leader. 8. Femi Falana (SAN), the lawyer to Sheikh Ibraheem El-Zakzaky and his wife, Zeenat, has called the Federal Government to provide an alternative and adequate treatment for the couple in Nigeria. 9. A bloody clash was averted on Saturday by the police following failed attempts by a former militant leader and Niger Delta activist, Asari Dokubo, to hold an expanded inaugural meeting in support of Biafra. 10. The Nigerian Government on Saturday condemned the attack on the former deputy senate president, Senator Ike Ekweremadu by members of the IPOB. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.