President Muhammadu Buhari has issued warning to his new ministers. This was contained in a tweet posted on his Twitter handle, @MBuhari Wednesday night. It read: “The incoming Ministers, who will be sworn in next week, will receive clear implementation targets tied to their portfolios. “We will ensure these targets are complied with; performance will be monitored by the Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation. Buhari is currently in Katsina and expected back in Abuja this weekend. He will preside over two-day induction retreat for ministers-designate from August 19 to August 20 in Abuja. They are expected to be sworn-in by the president on August 21. A statement by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha, has asked the appointees to pick up documents (Status Report on Policies, Programmes and Projects, the 2019-2023 Road Map, FEC Handbook, etc) from his office to study ahead of the retreat. “Following confirmation by the Senate, all ministers designate are by this notice, informed that relevant documents for their study and guidance, preparatory to the inauguration of the cabinet shall be available for collection at the Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (OSGF) (Cabinet Affairs Office) from 10.00am on Tuesday August 6, 2019. “Ministers designate are also requested to please bring along and submit to the OSGF, their updated CV in soft and hard copies as well as any valid identification document. “Finally, I am pleased to inform you that, in view of the need to allow ministers designate enough time to study the documents (Status Report on Policies, Programmes and Projects; the 2019-2023 Road Map, FEC Handbook, etc) and considering the upcoming Sallah break, His Excellency, Mr. President, has approved an induction retreat for ministers designate to be held at the State House Banquet Hall, Abuja from August 15-16, 2019,” Mustapha said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.