A former Deputy Governor of Ogun State during Otunba Gbenga Daniel eight years tenure, Alhaja Salmot Badru, has joined the All Progressives Congress (APC). Badru, who hails from Ipokia as Adekunle Akinlade of the Allied Peoples Movement (APM), led some notable leaders and stakeholders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as well as executives of other opposition parties to decamp to the APC. The former Deputy Governor and others, under the auspices of Gateway Movement, at an elaborate meeting held in Abeokuta on Tuesday, declared their supports for the administration of Governor Dapo Abiodun. At the occasion, the caretaker Chairman of APC in Ogun state, Chief Yemi Sanusi, alongside the Secretary of the caretaker committee, Ayobami Olubori, who were on ground to receive the new members, disclosed that the party was at the point of repositioning itself in the state and was ready to work with all progressive individuals, especially those who worked for its victory during the election. Speaking, Badru disclosed that the future of the state was in capable hands under the leadership of Gov Abiodun and that members were ready to work with him to actualise his lofty plans for the state. In his reaction, the Senior Special Adviser to the Governor on Political Affairs, Rt. Hon. Tunji Egbetokun, urged members of the movement to keep faith with the governor as he tries to re-lay a very solid foundation for the development of Ogun state. He further noted that the condition under which governor Abiodun was working now “is quite peculiar having succeeded what he called a hostile predecessor”. He urged for patience and understanding, promising that the government will not take the support of the group for granted. Other leaders of the movement present at the declaration include: former Director-General, Ladi Adebutu Democratic Organization, Hon. Waliu Taiwo; former Member, Peoples Democratic Party Board of Trustee, Chief Mrs. Iyabode Apampa; former State Deputy Chairman of PDP, High Chief Ibukun Ojosipe; former National Executive Council member of the PDP, Alh. Bisiriyu Popoola amongst many others. DAILY POST recalls that former Gbenga Daniel had immediately after the governorship election defected to the APC, less than 48 hours after he claimed to have retired from the PDP and partisan politics. Daniel had few days to the governorship election directed all his followers to vote for Abiodun. It was not clear whether or not his Deputy, Badru obeyed the directive as she was said to have met Akinlade behind-closed-doors on the eve of the election. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.