Big Brother Naija, BBNaija organizers have come under attack for issuing strike to housemate, Ike. Biggie on Monday night issued another strike to Ike for attempting to attack a fellow housemate, Seyi. Biggie’s judgement has since been criticized by Nigerians for his failure to issue Seyi a strike for provoking Ike. DAILY POST had reported that Biggie issued Joe a strike for provoking Tacha to violence. BBNaija fans took to their social media to vent their anger over Ike’s strike, stating that the reality show has been biased. Some accused Biggie of being partial and in favour of Seyi. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Idybongay “So Seyi that used abusive Yoruba words nko without interpreting goes free without a strike. hmmmm, Biggie you are partial.” @Afrochic “Tacha shoved Mike, provoked Frodd, Tacha hit Joe, Biggie: 1 strike “Joe provoked Tacha, Biggie: 1 strike, Ike provoked Seyi Biggie gave him 1 strike “Seyi provoked Ike but nothing from Biggie, Biggie, you’re a FRAUD.” @Xameicce “Dear Big Brother,in my honest opinion Tacha deserves atleast two strikes , I feel biggie hates Ike ,two strikes is bullshit! Seyi deserves a strike for cursing Thelma’s late brother.” @Pat7alfred “I disagree with Biggie on the last one, aggrieved Ike was seated outside and Seyi came out attacking him. How’s that not provocation.” @Kaykay “It’s obvious Biggie is playing games. Tacha gets 1 Strike for multiple fightings and altercations with HMs. Seyi gets none for cursing Thelma’s late bro, provoking Ike.” @Davechuks_008 “I’m sure SEYI is related to big brother, same guy that was disqualified from participating in the veto power game and was later pardoned. Same guy won HOH even when it was clear someone else did better than him. Nigga is biggie’s favourite well done o.” @Ogabossman “Why should Only Ike get that strike, Seyi should have benefited from it too because he provoked him and also insulted him using Tribal language.” @Mitchel_Chris “Dear Biggie, since you like people who curse and insult, may you be cursed too.How about Seyi’s constant use of Yoruba in cursing?How about Tacha’s constant abuses to Frodd, slapping cigarettes from Ike, throwing issues at Mike. She deserved 5 strikes but, f**k you.” @Tuneisfavoured “Biggie you’ve just shown you have zero entertainment skills. How dare you issue IKE a second strike and look past what Tasha and Seyi did?No wonder people want the show shutdown.” @Kgomotso_tau “Biggie Ike gets a strike for what exactly?Why did you avoid to show Seyi video for cursing Thelma’s family? Where’s the video of Seyi claiming Niger boys will run down Ike? Is this show bias?Are you running a scam na? Where is consistency? Ebuka we need answers.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.