The Brookfield Centre for Lifestyle Medicine is a leading provider of integrated health care to
local and international families. We are a multidisciplinary, all-inclusive medical and wellness
organization established to keep you in a state of optimal health and well-being through appropriate, evidenced-based and well-timed lifestyle interventions. Lifestyle directly impacts health and well-being as poor lifestyle choices can lead to chronic diseases such as type-2-diabetes, hypertension, obesity, cancer, depression etc. Our ultimate goal and primary focus is to promote healthier lives at the individual, family and
community levels, through a deliberate focus on behavioural change in the areas of nutrition,
physical activity, tobacco, alcohol and drug use, sleep, stress management and social
connections, all in hygienic and salutary environments. With our health coaching clinics, we aim
to help everyone adopt and sustain healthier lifestyle choices. Our Lifestyle Fusion Fair The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that by 2020, two-thirds of all diseases will be
the result of poor lifestyle choices. Lifestyle medicine is an evidence-based medical specialty that
will help you make the right changes to improve your health, manage or eliminate chronic
conditions, reduce the need for medications and feel your best. Chronic diseases (such as heart disease, stroke, type-2-diabetes, cancers and chronic lung
disease) are collectively responsible for 70% of deaths worldwide. Many of these conditions are
preventable. Research reveals that more than 80% of chronic conditions could be prevented if
healthy lifestyle choices are made. This is why as Africa’s championing institute on Lifestyle Medicine and this visionary cause to
combat the menace of non-communicable diseases, we have put together the inaugural edition
of the Lifestyle fusion fair. The Lifestyle Fusion Fair is an annual event that brings together Lifestyle Medicine experts,
merchants and enthusiasts across the value chain to interact and promote the sustainable
approach to healthy living. It would explore and raise awareness on the pillars of Lifestyle
Medicine from physical activity, nutrition, effective stress management to social connectedness
and art therapy. Africa’s first Lifestyle Fusion Fair is here! It is the place to be on Saturday, 24th August 2019! – Join our doctor-led walk! – Dance it off at the dance aerobics festival – Interact with Lifestyle Medicine experts, learn the sustainable way to lead a healthy life – Shop health and wellness from over 30 vendors – Explore The Innovation Stage by The Young Boss Network – Get free health checks and win gifts and lots more! Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.