Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Shiites leader, Ibrahim El-Zakzaky made a sudden return to Nigeria on Thursday abandoning his medical treatment in India. 2. A Federal High Court in Lagos State, on Thursday granted bail to Abdullahi Babalele, son-in-law to Atiku Abubakar, in the sum of N20million with one surety in like sum. 3. The Omo N’Oba of Benin, Oba Ewuare II yesterday told President Muhammadu Buhari to listen to the cries of Nigerians, adding that the President must not ignore the constructive criticism of the people. 4. Atiku Abubakar and the PDP have insisted that President Muhammadu Buhari was not qualified to have contested the 2019 presidential election and as such should be disqualified by the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal. They said this in their final written address filed before the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Thursday, said Nigeria must reduce dependence on medical treatment abroad, while assuring that the efforts by his administration will be redoubled to improve health facilities, equipment and services in the country.
6. A twin three-story building was, on Wednesday night, gutted by fire in Ogbaru Local Government Area of Anambra State. The fire started around 8 p.m. in one of the flats on the last floor. 7. The Federal High Court Abuja on Thursday fixed Monday, August 19, to determine if President Muhammadu Buhari will inaugurate his new Ministers or not in a suit filed by Musa Baba-panya, seeking court order to stop the inauguration. 8. The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), on Thursday, dispelled reports that negotiations between the organised labour and the Technical Committee on Consequential Adjustment of the new minimum wage had stopped. 9. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Thursday, said it has released guidelines for the disbursement of lower denominations of the Naira through microfinance banks (MFBs) across the country. 10. No fewer than three soldiers were reportedly killed in a gun battle with members of Islamic State of West African Province, ISWAP who stormed a community in Maiduguri, Borno State, and attacked a military location at about 12 midnight local time. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.