The Road Transport Employers Association of Nigeria, RTEAN, on Friday, pleaded with the Ministers of Works and Housing as well as Transportation, Babatunde Fashola and Rotimi Amaechi respectively, to ensure speedy completion of ongoing projects by their ministries. The Chairman of RTEAN in Lagos State, Alhaji Mohammed Musa made the plea while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria in Lagos. President Muhammadu Buhari had on Wednesday reappointed Mr Rotimi Amaechi as the Minister of Transportation and Mr Babatunde Fashola as the Minister of Works and Housing. Amaechi and Fashola supervised those ministries as ministers during the first tenure of the Buhari-led administration. Musa has now said: “Mr Rotimi Amaechi as the Minister of Transportation started several jobs during his first term in the ministry. Now, the President of Nigeria wants him to come and complete them; that is why he was reappointed. “He must not disappoint Nigerians and the Buhari-led government who have given him the opportunity. All rail and road projects the ministry had embarked upon should be completed. “We also want Fashola to complete all the road projects the ministry started under his leadership as former minister to reduce carnage on the highways.” The RTEAN boss pointed out that both ministries remained cardinal to the economy of the nation, hence the need to pay adequate attention to them. According to him, all Nigerians, not only the commercial transport operators, are looking forward to them completing ongoing road and rail projects across the country and starting new ones. “What we are expecting from all the 43 ministers is that they should work for the good of Nigerians. “All of them should have the fear of God because they swore with the Bible and the Quran to serve Nigerians. “Let them be serious with their jobs and not divert the funds allocated to their ministries for public good into their personal purses,” Musa added. The union leader also advised the newly reappointed Minister of Labour and Productivity, Dr Chris Ngige, to prioritise the welfare of Nigerian workers and work towards the creation of new jobs. “That is the reason why they had been chosen to head the various ministries they had been assigned by President Buhari,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.