The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Thursday described President Muhammadu Buhari’s directive to the Central Bank of Nigeria to stifle food importation into the country as mean, ill-timed and completely against the wellbeing of Nigerians. PDP stated that Buhari’s directive will worsen food scarcity, exacerbate the already-harsh economic situation and the general depression, frustration, resentment and despair in the country under President Muhammadu Buhari’s watch. Buhari had, on Tuesday, warned the apex bank to stop providing foreign exchange for the importation of food produced locally in the country. The President maintained that foreign reserve will be conserved and utilized strictly for the diversification of the economy, and not for encouraging more dependence on foreign food import bills. Reacting, the main opposition party stated that Nigerians do not in anyway “deserve such suffering being foisted on them by such directive on food”. In a statement by its spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan, PDP said: “It is indeed appalling that instead of bringing solutions to the depreciating living conditions in our nation, President Buhari is rather imposing more suffering by ordering the removal of subsidy on food even when it is manifestly clear that he had failed on all fronts to achieve any level of food security despite the huge resources available to his administration. “By the directive, the Buhari Presidency and the All Progressives Congress (APC) have again demonstrated their insensitivity towards millions of Nigerians who are already suffering acute hunger and starvation due to severe food shortage and high prices brought by President Buhari’s misrule. “Such situation will only breed further despondency among our citizens, heighten our security challenges and put more pressure on compatriots, many of who, in the face of suffering occasioned by APC misrule, are resorting to suicide and slavery mission as options. “Instead of removing subsidy on food and putting more suffering on Nigerians, the PDP urges President Buhari to cut the billions of naira being wasted on luxuries in his Presidency and free the funds for the welfare of the masses. “Furthermore, the PDP urges President Buhari to recover the over N14 trillion siphoned by APC interests under his administration including the stolen N9 trillion detailed in the leaked NNPC memo and channel the resources towards food security for Nigerians. “It is a complete disservice to Nigerians for the government to place restrictive directives on food for the masses, while
interests condoned by the same administration are frittering our common patrimony. “PDP wants to believe that while Mr. President enjoys the comfort, luxury, sufficiency and safety of the government house, he is barely aware of the sufferings of Nigerians. Our party therefore charges President Buhari to immediately rescind his directive before it inflicts more damage on the polity.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.