A middle-aged-man, Ojo Daniyan, has been nabbed for allegedly setting his wife, Dorcas, on fire over her refusal to give him money. The incident occurred in Irese area of Akure, the Ondo State capital, after a misunderstanding between the couple over money collected from the sale of their land. According to a source, the wife of the suspect who died from the wounds sustained from the incident had collected a sum of N900, 000 from the sale of the land but allegedly refused to give it to her husband because of his spendthrift attitude. The source added that the deceased had advised that the money should be used for a profitable business against the decision of her welder husband. Furious by the attitude of his wife on the issue, Daniyan allowed his wife to go to bed, wet her with petrol before setting her ablaze. A source said “it happened in the middle of the night and it was the scream from the woman that woke me up; it was a terrible thing. “When I came out, I saw her body badly burnt and she was calling for help while her husband took to his heels. The neighbours rushed her to the hospital where she was referred to FMC Owo. “The woman eventually gave up some days after her admission at the hospital, due to the degree of the burns. “The incident was reported at the police station while detectives from the state command swung into action and the suspect was apprehended.” Confirming the incident, the State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) said the suspect had been arrested by the men of the state police command. The PPRO said the incident was reported at the station by one Ajibade, disclosing that all evidence gathered confirmed that the suspect was involved in the arson. “One of the children of the man stated that her father brought petrol to the house and ordered them out that he wanted to clean the house. “It was some of the neighbours who noticed the fire outbreak while the woman was screaming and offered help to the burnt victim while her husband did not call for help. “The man who ran away after the incident had been apprehended and investigation has begun into the matter and the suspect will be charged to court after investigation,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.