Last Saturday, 21st September: As part of activities commemorating its 30th Anniversary, Atlantic Hall School initiated a medical outreach to some 2000 residents of Eredo Local Council Development Area of Lagos State. Working in partnership with Emzor Pharmaceuticals and the Chike Okoli Foundation, Atlantic Hall’s medical outreach involved BMI, blood sugar, blood pressure and cholesterol tests. The medics additionally provided free deworming, free drugs, and medical consultation to the young and the elderly. Speaking at the outreach, Chairman, Atlantic Hall Education Trust Council, Chief (Mrs) Taiwo Taiwo, described the outreach ‘as further expression of Atlantic Hall’s commitment to the socioeconomic wellbeing of residents of the area within which the school operates and as token of our appreciation for your support and hospitality as host community.’  Chief Taiwo took time to especially thank the partners of the outreach programme for their “contributions to a noble cause.” “This medical outreach could not have happened without the huge financial support of the Chike Okoli Foundation and Emzor Pharmaceuticals. We cannot thank our friend and sister, Dr. (Mrs.) Okoli, OON, enough for her generosity.” Chief Waheed Odukoya, a beneficiary of the outreach, thanked the school for its kind attention to the elderly: “I am an old man, with limited means.  They tested me and treated me. They also gave me medication to take care of my health. I am deeply grateful to the school.” Another beneficiary, Amina, who came to the venue with her children, described the outreach as very thoughtful saying “not everyone can afford to go to the hospital. We are therefore grateful that the school brought the hospital to us for free.” Hon. Adeniyi Saliu, The Executive Chairman, Eredo Local Council Development Area, commended Atlantic Hall for always rising to the occasion and being socially responsible. He thanked the school for the outreach and for its commitment to the socioeconomic development of the area. He assured of the community’s continued support. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.