The supporters of Senator Magnus Abe have said they would not participate in the forthcoming All Progressives Congress (APC) Ward, Local Government Area (LGA) and State congresses in Rivers. They made the disclosure in a communique issued on Wednesday after a meeting of Senator Abe’s supporters in Port Harcourt. Recall that the APC National Chairman had announced the forthcoming Congresses with a view to settling the rift in the Rivers state chapter of the party.  Coordinator of the group, Mr. Worgu Boms, said they would boycott the congresses because they were not consulted by the National Working Committee (NWC) of the APC before the Caretaker Committee was set up. He said all the issues that led to the legal crisis and the exclusion of the APC in the 2019 elections in Rivers had not been addressed. Boms said, “The 2018 congresses were mismanaged and various efforts by leaders of the party to find solutions before the 2019 elections were rebuffed by the Minister of Transportation, Mr Chibuike Amaechi.” Similarly, Senator Wilson Ake, in his comment, described the forthcoming congresses as unreasonable, saying that the step taken by the NWC of the APC was not the best for the party in Rivers. According to Vanguard newspaper, Senator Magnus Abe alleged that he was not consulted by the NWC of the APC before they went ahead to schedule congresses. Abe, who was the immediate past Senator that represented Rivers South-East Senatorial District at the National Assembly, said that he had no bitterness against anyone in the party. He, however, noted that many APC members were in pains after the party lost out during the 2019 elections. He said, “Members of the party can create the kind of party they want for themselves if they are determined. “I urge my supporters to remain calm because as long as what they are fighting for is honest, they will definitely get justice.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.