There was uproar in Bayelsa State after a 19-year-old teenager on Sunday in Agbura Village, a suburb of Yenagoa Local Government Area, hacked his 52 old years mother to death with a machete. The incident, which happened in the early hours of Sunday, left residents of the area in shock when they discovered the mutilated remains of the deceased whose name was given as Mrs. Airen Ofongo. However, attempt to apprehend the culprits identified as Samson, by the residents was not successful as he escaped into the forest through the back of their house. When our DAILY POST visited the scene of the incident, policemen had cordoned off the place and evacuated the remains of the body of the woman to the mortuary. Through details on the incident were sketchy, however, residents were seen in numbers discussing the bizarre incident. One of the residents, who spoke in anonymity, said the boy was a cultist who denounced cultism a year ago, but has been under pressure from his gang members to rejoin them. He said it was his attempt to rejoin his group that led to the argument which resulted into death of the mother. He said the mother and the young man identified as Samson, had been having heated argument over the issues before yesterday’s gruesome murder. In another unfortunate incident in Aritelin, a suburb of the state capital, Yenagoa, a man reportedly took his life by hanging himself to a ceiling with a rope in his room. His neighbours were said to have discovered his lifeless body dangling from the ceiling on Sunday morning. Though the motives for taking his life could not be ascertained, Policemen who were called to take his body refused to comment as the place was cordoned off. Confirming the sad incident, the spokesman of the Bayelsa State Police Command, Asimin Butswat, said he was yet to get full details from the Divisional Police Officers in charge of both divisions.
He, however, said information available to him, said the young man had fled the scene before he could be apprehended but promised to get more details. Butswat, who gave the name of the mother as Airen Ofongo, said she was 52 years of age before she was killed by her supposedly son, as the police were yet to confirmed if the woman was actually the biological mother of her killer. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.