FCT Minister of State, Dr. Ramatu Tijjani Aliyu, has charged political gladiators in the major political parties to guard against their utterances for a violent free Kogi governorship election. Aliyu spoke at the weekend in Abuja when members of Kogi State House of Assembly paid her a courtesy visit. She noted that it was not uhuru for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and charged the lawmakers to go back home and win the trust of the people. Aliyu said: “The era of divide and rule in Kogi State is over because we are now one big family. We should unite together and make Kogi a hub of industries and tourist attractions. “The governor should go and sleep and trust us. For me, Kogi State in the near future will not be a poor state because of the tourism potentials God has given us. “But we cannot do it alone, we have to partner relevant bodies and other arms of government. I will serve as your messenger at the federal level to make our voice known to Mr. President. “But more importantly, guard your utterances towards the forthcoming governorship election in Kogi State. Prove to Nigerians that Kogi governorship election is the most violent free, just as we witnessed during the primaries. “There will be no snatching of ballot boxes to prove a point to the oppositions. I appeal to you to remain calm,” she said Speaker of Kogi State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Matthew Kolawale, said: “For us, we are happy for this appointment and we identify with you as our illustrious daughter. I am happy to hear from you that you are from Kogi State and does not belong to any tribe. “You can use your position to facilitate many things to the state because the FCT is already choked. “If there is any seaport that will service the FCT, it should be cited in Kogi State. We want to assure you that with the composition of Kogi State House of Assembly, the election is over”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.