Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian newspapers: 1. The Islamic Movement in Nigeria, otherwise known as Shiites, on Monday alleged that the President Muhammadu Buhari government has concluded a plan to kill security personnel, journalists, and some members of the public and put the blame on them (IMN). The group then called on security personnel, journalists and members of the public to be particularly extra vigilant. IMN said the Buhari government should particularly be held responsible for any harm that may be inflicted on the persons and properties of Ashura mourners or indeed anyone. 2. The Inspector-General of Police (IGP) Mohammed Adamu on Monday declared that all activities of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN) remained proscribed in line with the Terrorism (Prevention) Proscription Order Notice of July 26. He said all gathering or procession by the group had remained illegal and would be treated as a gathering in the advancement of terrorism. He said that the attention of the police had been drawn to plans by some members of the proscribed IMN to embark on a nationwide procession on Tuesday, adding that the procession is targeted at disrupting public peace, order and security in the country. 3. The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in the last general elections, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, and his party on Monday called on the tribunal to sack President Muhammadu Buhari when it finally delivers its judgement on their petition. They called on the Tribunal to determine the petition on its merit rather than technicalities and ensure substantial justice. The PDP and Atiku insisted that Buhari was not qualified to have contested the election and as such should be disqualified. 4. The National and State House of Assembly Elections Petitions Tribunal sitting in Umuahia on Monday, nullified the election of the Senate Chief Whip, Orji Kalu, for Abia North Senatorial District. Delivering its judgment, a member of the three-member tribunal, Justice I.P.C Igwe, said that the petitioner, Sen. Mao Ohuabunwa, successfully proved his allegation of substantial non-compliance with the electoral guidelines. The panel, therefore, nullified the election and ordered a supplementary election in the affected areas within 90 days. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday received the report of the special envoy sent to South Africa on the xenophobic attacks on Nigerians. He consequently, directed the next steps to take to stop the menace. President Buhari stressed the need for the South African Government to take visible measures to stop violence against citizens of brotherly African nations. Buhari gave instruction for the immediate voluntary evacuation of all Nigerians who are willing to return home. 6. The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), on Monday, said that the Nigerian government should take the blame rather than its South African counterpart over the attacks and looting of property of Nigerians in South Africa. ASUU said that about 50 percent of top-notch scholars in South Africa were Nigerians, noting that Nigerians, who were seen as mere greener-pasture seekers would always be exposed to attacks by their host countries. The union explained that migration of Nigerians to South Africa had been informed by the poor economic situation in the country. 7. The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Nasarawa on Monday said an accident which occurred along Akwanga-Lafia highway involving three vehicles claimed the lives of 11 persons while four others sustained injuries. Ismaila Maiwada-Kugu, the Sector Commander, said the accident took place at a place popularly known as ‘Many have gone’ in Wowyen village on the outskirts of Akwanga Local Government area of the state around 10.25 am on Monday. He said three vehicles and 15 people were also involved in the accident, adding that while four persons were injured, 11 were killed. 8. The National Assembly/State Houses of Assembly Elections Petition Tribunal sitting in Enugu, on Monday delivered its judgement on a petition against the election of Senator Ike Ekweremadu representing Enugu West Senatorial Zone. The three-man tribunal, in a judgement that lasted for over three hours, held that the former Deputy Senate President was elected with lawful valid votes cast during the February 23, 2019 elections. Ekweremadu’s election was challenged by Barr. Mrs. Juliet Ibekaku-Nwagwu of the All Progressives Congress, APC. 9. The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC on Monday acknowledged the nomination of the Chief of Staff to the Kogi State Governor Chief Edward David Onoja as Yahaya Bello’s running mate in the November gubernatorial election. The move officially confirmed that the governor will not be seeking his second term bid with his embattled Deputy Elder Simon Achuba. The nomination of the Chief of Staff was contained in a press statement issued on Monday by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Muhammed Onogu who also confirmed that, the All Progressives Congress (APC) has formally presented Governor Bello as it flag bearer in the forthcoming poll.
10. Candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, for the 16 November 2019 Bayelsa State Governorship election, Chief David Lyon, has named a sitting Senator, Biobarakuma Degi-Eremienyo as his running mate. Degi-Eremienyo is currently representing Bayelsa East in the Senate. He is Vice Chairman of both the Special Duties Committee and the Gas Resources Committee in the Red Chamber. The Deputy Governorship Candidate served as Bayelsa State Commissioner for Local Government Affairs under Governor Goodluck Jonathan. He was Executive Director at the Federal Roads Maintenance Agency (FERMA). Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.