The Technical Review Committee on Appointments, Recruitment and Promotions set up by the Governor of Imo State, Emeka Ihedioha, has submitted its report. The Chairman, Austin Otuokere, submitted the report to the Deputy Governor of the State, Engr. Gerald Irona at the Government House, Owerri, on Saturday. Presenting the report, the Chairman expressed gratitude to Ihedioha and the Deputy Governor, Engr. Gerald Irona for the confidence reposed in them, assuring that the committee did a thorough job. “It is with profound respect that our committee, the technical committee on review of appointments, recruitments and promotions has come to present this report. “We are here to present the report of the committee for your kind perusal and actions. Our task was simply to do our job and submit the report. We looked thoroughly and appreciated the essence of our assignment. “I can assure you that we have given due diligence to interpreting what the committee has done, appreciated the essence of our assignment and relevant laws; with utmost sense of respect and understanding of the regulations, we hereby submit our report.” In his response, Irona commended members of the committee for what he described as a selfless service to the state. He assured them that the State Government will study the report and consider the recommendations made. “Let me on behalf of the Governor, Rt. Hon. Emeka Ihedioha thank you and your team for accepting to serve at this time that the state is passing through a very difficult period. The government considered you fit and proper to deliver this onerous responsibility. “It is the wish of this administration to create a level playing ground for all Imo people. The Governor set up this committee and others to investigate numerous complaints within public institutions and we have no doubt in your capacity to deliver. I assure you that we shall do justice to this report and the recommendations therein” Other members of the Committee present were: the Secretary, Leo Chimezie, Dr. (Mrs.) P.U. Ekennaya and Dr. (Mrs.) C. Iwuagwu. Also present during the report presentation was the Special Adviser to the Deputy Governor on Media and Communications, Dr. Walter Duru and Principal Secretary to the Governor, Mr. Theodore Nwokonkwo. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.