Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, housemate Diane was on Monday night evicted from the reality show. Diane was evicted following a surprise eviction which had Fellow BBNaija housemate, Frodd send her packing. Biggie had in a twist handed Frodd the ultimate veto power pick a coin with either Omashola or Diane’s name on it in a sack. Frodd picked Diane’s name which had her evicted from the reality show. However, Nigerians on social media have expressed surprise over the BBNaija twist. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Nekky111 “This Diane’s eviction was the most painful ever, I can’t stop crying, I won’t watch BBNaija next year.The twist is too intense for my Heart Goodbye Diane,we love you.” @Amazon_cj “This ultimate veto power was like a devils fork. It gives and take. Poor Frodd and poor sweet Diane.I feel for them. Goodbye Diane, great journey babe.” @Ocherazi “Everybody in the BBNaija is teary tonight this last twist is epic. Goodbye Diane.. I wish the rest good luck.” @Teemonee007 “This is the most stupid Bigbrother show of all time. It ain’t GOODBYE Diane, it is WELCOME because you’re about entering into the best times of your life. No better yesterday for you anymore, henceforth your life will be marked by GOOD SUCCESS all through.” @Ikhaloomo “This was not fair, Goodbye Diane.” @Busstopgist “Goodbye Diane. This makes Mercy the last girl standing and gives her more odds to win the show.” @Beattamborine “It would have been totally unfair if Omashola left for the boring Diane who offers nothing in the house. To think she thought she could get away with poking Tacha’s eyes. Omashola is at least funny and entertaining. Biggie still needs to have Mercy on the chop.” @Ifyble5 “Frodd really wished he picked Omashola and not Diane. It is not within his control.” @Cmeks1 “Mehnn Big Brother ran out of ideas,this is the worst way to evict a housemate,So sorry Diane we move Lambo and Mike.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.