A good degree can pave the way for a great career, good earning and stability in life. A good degree programme not only helps you find a job but fulfilment in your career as well. It is estimated that you will spend a third of your life working so make sure it is something that challenges and stimulates you. You should also make sure that your choice of a career has high adaptability to changing economic and technological dynamics. These days some skills are becoming obsolete in the face of technological advancement. You certainly don’t want to be replaced by a machine. Here are 4 courses that will stand the test of time and technology. Computer Science & IT Courses This is a career path that will not be replaced by technology, especially because it plays a major role in the advancement of technology. For example, computers, PCs, and smartphones are a small part of the sophisticated technology that Computer Science plays a role in developing. Pursuing this career will require you to have an interest in learning computer coding languages. These include languages like python, Java, C++, among others. The course work is intense but the investment of time and money into pursuing the course will be worth it considering the income you will be getting. As a matter of fact, computer science is one of the most valued professional positions today. Also, with a degree, you can get a job as a system analyst or network administrator. Talk of high adaptability and great options. Law Law and order are necessary in every society around the world. Without order, there would be no civilization. There will never come a time when due to advancements in technology people will no longer require a civilized society. Therefore, if it is in line with your ambition, pursuing a career in law could set your life up for success. We require attorneys in our daily lives. That is a surety that law will never be irrelevant. However, there is a catch. You will have to spend a good number of years in school and it will be costly as well since law school is not cheap. Once done though, the payoff will be worth the effort and cost. Health Care Management Health and wellness are high on the priority list of human survival. If you are healthy you can pursue anything you want in life. As such, we require doctors and nurses in our lives to diagnose and treat any illnesses that may affect us. Pursuing a career in healthcare management is a future-proof endeavour because no advancement in technology can substitute for people’s health. In fact, as technology advances, new machines and equipment are developed to aid in the health sector. This means more speciality and skills are required to man and manage these technologies. You can take advantage of scholarships from Unicaf. Unicaf scholarship programmes offer to lessen the financial burden for students while offering flexible study options and blended learning. Financial Services Lastly, a degree in financial related courses has high adaptability. Just like medicine and engineering, financial services are important to countries, individuals and companies as well. This is a career path that is not going to become obsolete any time soon. This is because countries, companies and corporations require financial services ranging from financial audits, financial predictions, and advice from qualified personnel to enable them to manage their financial affairs. Even people hire financial planners to help them manage their personal income. Some of the areas you may major in include, being an accountant, financial analyst, financial planner, or a banker. The careers mentioned above are just some of the most future-proof degrees with high adaptability changes in a dynamic world. Enhance your employability prospects with Unicaf University with an up to 60% Scholarship. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.