Candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, for the 16 November 2019 Bayelsa State Governorship election, Chief David Lyon, has named Senator Biobarakuma Degi-Eremienyo as his running mate. Degi-Eremienyo is currently representing Bayelsa East in the Senate. He is Vice Chairman of both the Special Duties Committee and the Gas Resources Committee in the Red Chamber. Degi-Eremienyo studied Agricultural Economics/Extension at the Rivers State University of Science and Technology, Port Harcourt, graduating with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1990. He holds a Master of Business Administration (MBA) from the same university. The Deputy Governorship Candidate served as Bayelsa State Commissioner for Local Government Affairs under Governor Goodluck Jonathan. He was Executive Director at the Federal Roads Maintenance Agency (FERMA). Senator Degi-Eremienyo is married with children. This was contained in a statement sent to DAILY POST on Monday by Doifie Buokoribo, the State Publicity Secretary of the APC. Meanwhile, Lyon has sent a heartfelt thanks to party members for their overwhelming support for his candidature during the primary election on September 4 in Yenagoa. He said, “Please, accept this as my heartfelt thanks for your massive support for my candidature. I acknowledge the contributions of all APC members to the success of the exercise. “The overwhelming vote of the people is a testament to their immense confidence in my person, my experience, and my abilities. I promise to put all these and much more to the service of Bayelsa State, if elected governor on November 16. “I make a solemn pledge this day never to disappoint my party, APC, and the people of Bayelsa State. I will not abuse this huge confidence reposed in me by the people.” Lyon also extended a hand of fellowship to the other contestants at the primary election, saying, “Your fervent approach to the primary election campaign and the election itself to pick our governorship candidate is an indication of your passion for the success of our party. But in every election, there is a winner. “We disagreed to agree. Now is the time to come together, work together, and strategize together to move our party and our state forward. “Let us rally round our campaign for ‘A Better Bayelsa for All’. Let us put Bayelsa first and set aside our personal differences. “Our state has suffered too much in the hands of Governor Seriake Dickson to allow the present regime to continue under any proxy or guise. The time to change this regime of backwardness, pain, and poverty is now.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.