One Division of the Nigeria Army Kaduna has ended a 28-year-old land dispute as it has handed over a 3-hectra of land to Yobe State Government. The land, which is located along Sokoto road Kaduna, was inherited by the Yobe State Government from the then old Borno State after its creation in 1991, but could not claim ownership due to dispute with the Nigerian Army. Governor Mai Mala Buni during the smooth handing over, expressed satisfaction with the leadership of the Nigerian Army under Lieutenant General Tukur Yusuf Buratai  Governor Buni, who was represented by the Acting Secretary to the State Government, Baba Malam Wali, said that Yobe State Government will continue to cooperate with the Nigerian Army and other security agencies in the country “The land used to belong to Borno State until it was shared to Yobe when the state was created out of old Borno State in 1991. “The state government had not taken possession of the land because of legal tussle with the Army over ownership”, Buni recounted. The Governor said the state government was glad that the issue had now been amicably resolved with the Army finally. He further thanked the General Officer Commanding 1Division, Nigerian Army Kaduna Major General Faruk Yahaya and all members of his team for their efforts at resolving the issue, assuring that the land will be developed by the state government for the benefit of the state and its people. He maintained that contract had already been awarded for proper fencing of the land, adding that the state plans to develop the land to improve its revenue generation. Presenting the land document to the Yobe State governor, the General Officer Commanding (GOC)1 Division Nigerian Army Kaduna Major General Faruk Yahaya said that, the step was on the instruction of the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General Tukur Yusuf Buratai. “I was directed that I should formally hand over the piece of land along Sokoto road to the Yobe State government. “The land has been in contention between the Army and Yobe State Government for the past 28 years and under the pragmatic leadership of Chief of Army Staff, this matter is now being laid to rest in the interest of peace and mutual relationship”, he said. According to the GOC, the returning of the land will enable the Yobe state government to move ahead with the development of the land in line with its plan. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.