The Nigerian Navy on Friday passed out final year students of Class Three and 41st Batch Basic medical courses from the Nigerian Navy School of Health Science, NNSHS, Offa, Kwara state. The two-day ceremony held on 26th and 27th of September included the passing out parade of the Graduands, reviewing of the parade by the guest of honor and representative of the Director of Medical Services Surgeon Rear Admiral, Abubakar Yusuf, Commodore Ibrahim Dogo Nurudeen and send forth ceremony of the former Commandant of NNSHS OFFA, CDRE NURUDEEN  The 2-day ceremony held ọn 26th and 27 September, 2019 included (1) THE Induction of Medical Laboratory Technician graduands by The Medical Laboratory science Council of Nigeria, held ọn 26 Sep 19 while (2} Graduation ceremony of the final year students of the school, with the graduating 41st batch of Basic Medical Qualifying Course Trainees couple and the SEND FORTH ceremony of Cdre IBRAHIM Dogo Nurudeen, the immediate past Commandant of NNSHS OFFA, held today 27 SEP 19. The parade anchored by Commandant of NNSHS, Navy Captain, A.O Olowolagba was well attended by all heads of security services in the state and representative of Olofa of Offa (The Ojomo of Offa].  Many eminent personalities ín the State, Officers & RATINGS of NNSHS OFFA were also at the ceremony. The ceremony on Friday ushered in the Graduation of the final year Students of the School, with the 41st batch of Basic Medical Qualifying Course Trainees. Speaking during the graduation ceremony, Commodore Ibrahim Dogo Nurudeen representing Director of Medical Service, NN, encouraged the graduands to soar higher in their careers even as he urged them to be good ambassadors of the Nigerian Navy.  His speech read in part: “It gives me great pleasure to be here today on this auspicious occasion of the passing out parade of another set of graduates from the Nigerian Navy school of health sciences, Offa. The successful training of the graduating basic and professional course students is a clear manifestation of your hard work and commendable dedication to duty. By this, you have once again contributed to the implementation of the vision and strategic directives of the Chief of the Naval staff, Vice Admiral Ibok Ete Ibas. “The execution of this excellent parade that we have just witnessed today requires hard work, a very high standard of discipline and training. I, therefore, congratulate you all particularly the graduating professional students for having successfully gone through a rigorous 3-year period of training. I urge you to be good ambassadors of the School of Health Sciences and the Nigerian Navy in all you do. Your graduation today is a big testimony that you all have come, seen and conquered. “let me also congratulate the graduating students of the 41st Batch Basic Qualifying Course, who have similarly undergone a 9-month training that was carefully designed to introduce them into various aspects of medical fields.  “Also permit me to appreciate the cordial civil-military relations that exist between the Nigerian Navy and our host community, Offa and environs. let me also acknowledge the support from the government and good people of Kwara state. we are also grateful for the inter-agency cooperation and partnership with all stakeholders in the delivery of a secured, enterprising and favorable environment for the good of our great country, Nigeria. “As we all know the future of the Navy depends largely on the quality of manpower, to which much has been given in terms of very good training, training aids, new vehicles and improved facilities amongst others.  “Always remember that the Nigerian Navy counts on your individual and collective positive contributions to move the service forward.” The NNSHS Commandant, A.O Olowolagba also admonished the inductees and the graduands to be upright, disciplined in the discharge of their duties as medical professionals to their numerous clients in the delivery of quality health care.  Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.