Amb. Adnan Mahmoud, Ambassador of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, on Monday disclosed that the country was keen on improving relationship with Nigeria. NAN reports that Mahmoud spoke at the 89th National Day celebration of the Kingdom held in Abuja. He said that Nigeria and Saudi Arabia has a deep history dating back to 1960. “The Federal Republic of Nigeria, a country with a lot of political and economic weight, has deep historical relations with Saudi Arabia since 1960. “I can confirm that our two countries have had excellent relations based on friendship and mutual interest; our two countries agree on many regional and international affairs and we have cooperation in all fields. “We look forward to improving these relations further and I wish the government and people of Nigeria more success, progress, peace and security under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari,” he said. Mahmoud said that the national day meant a lot to all Saudi citizens, as it marks the unification of all the districts of Saudi Arabia in nation building, development and advancement. According to him, with the achievement of Vision 2030, the first objective for the country is to be a successful model and leader in the world in all platforms. Speaking, Amb. Zubairu Dada, Minister of State, Foreign Affairs said that Nigeria was glad to be part of the country’s 89th national day celebration. He said that Nigeria and the rest of the world sympathises with the government of Saudi Arabia over the unfortunate attack on its oil facilities a few weeks ago. He explained that the relationship had led to an increase in social and economic engagements on issues pertaining to trade, investment, aviation, agriculture, water resources, electricity, education, youth and sport, as well as religious affairs. He commended the Saudi government for its support to the Nigerian government in tackling Boko Haram insurgency, corruption and rejuvenating the economy. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.