Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) Anambra State Command has said that it would commence impounding unregistered motorcycle and Tricycle as from October 2, 2019. Sector Commander of the Agency, Mr Andrew Kumapayi who gave the directive while briefing newsmen in Awka, warned those concerned to comply with the directive or have themselves to blame. He said, “Officers and Men of the Federal Road Safety Corps will impound such vehicles and the owner made to pay the necessary fine as stipulated by Law governing the FRSC. He also warned driver operating without a valid driver’s license and number plate to update their particulars or have their vehicles impounded during the enforcement period. According to Kumapayi, the enforcement of vehicle registration in the state was to enable the Corps have an effective database for easy tracing of those who used such vehicles to commit crime. “Motorcycle owners are expected to have class A Driver’s license while Tricycle owners are expected to have Road permit from the Vehicle Inspection Office,” he added. The FRSC boss, however, hinted that the Command would partner with the State Board of Internal Revenue and other relevant agencies during the enforcement exercise to achieve the desired results. He hinted that the enforcement was to commence in August, but was extended to October due to series of appeals from stakeholders, especially the Board of Internal Revenue that more time was needed to enable them sensitize the motoring public. He advised vehicle operators to take advantage of the extension on the date to do the needful to avoid penalties. The Sector Commander said they have been meeting with relevant vehicle Motorcycle and Tricycle Unions with a view to enlightening them on the enforcement. “We are equally having Meetings with the Department of State Service (DSS) the Police, Nigerian Security and Civil Defense Corps as well as Anambra Traffic Management Agency to ensure seamless operation. “Part of our responsibility is to conduct Road audit where we inform the government about bad portions of the road that might cause accident for immediate repair,” he posited. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.