The Adamawa State Governor, Rt Hon Ahmadu Fintiri, has charged his Attorney General and Commissioner of Justice to lead his government on a tough fight against rapists by ensuring that all rape suspects are put through the rigours of law and punished accordingly. Governor Fintiri made the vow on Wednesday while receiving members of a coalition of non-governmental organisations, Adamawa Coalition Against Rape, who conducted an anti-rape street protest in the state capital, Yola, and visited the governor to hand him their message. The governor who received officials and members of the coalition at the main gate of the Government House, Yola, said, “I want to assure Nigerians and Adamawa people that I am an advocate against rape, and I will ensure that this trend that has been going on is stopped. “Since I came into office about three months ago, I have read more than 10 cases of rape in Adamawa State that have raised my concern.
“have told the Attorney General and Commissioner of Justice that whoever is involved in any rape case, we must follow the file and see that we come to the logical conclusion and ensure that justice is done in this state.” He said he would be personally involved in the process of getting justice for victims: “I will ensure I supervise it. I will oversee it personally, to ensure that justice is done to our daughters, especially to children of the masses that are taken for granted. We will ensure that justice prevails against whoever is indicated as rape suspect.” One of the spokesmen of the Adamawa Coalition Against Rape, Mr Yusuf Sunday, who is the Executive Director of Clear-View Integrity Foundation, had told the governor, “Cases of rape are increasing and victims are suffering unnoticed. We feel it’s high time we raised the conscience of the society. We say enough is enough. We say justice delayed is justice denied. “Adamawa has to move forward with the world against rape. That is why we are out: NGOs, faith-based organisations, media and all well-meaning individuals to bring our cry before you. Please rise for Adamawa people.” Also addressing Fintiri, another leader of the Adamawa Coalition Against Rape, Hajia Asma’u Joda, urged the governor to do his part and lead by example to officials of his government and other arms of the government, especially the Judiciary. Asma’u Joda who is the founder of Centre for Women and Adolescent Empowerment, and who handed a letter on the anti-rape rally to Governor Fintiri, said the Judiciary needed to dispense timely justice for victims of rape. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.