The President of the Church of Christ in Nations (COCIN) Rev. Dachollom Datiri, has called on Christians to participate actively in politics in order to ensure good governance and provide dividends of democracy to the citizenry. He also said, just as politicians have manifestoes, Christians equally must have a manifestoes, saying “Jesus’ manifesto is directed to the poor and the disadvantaged in the society”. The COCIN President added that even though the general elections have come and gone, hence, the need for Christians to be sensitised to prepare for future elections in the country. Datiri stated this while delivering a sermon titled: Christians must participate in politics, during the Thanksgiving service of NUJ Plateau Council members as its Press Week comes to an end, held at the Church’s headquarters in Jos, the Plateau State Capital. He said, “Politics in Nigeria has been referred to as a dirty game; and many Christians have refused to participate in politics, because those who have gone into politics have been polluted. “When you refused to participate in politics, you will be governed by polluted people. “It is because we have a Christian world view we stand for, which is the gospel; the gospel that guides us to address social, spiritual, physical problems, among others. According to him, “We are suffering today because we are shying away from politics. “Without politics we wouldn’t have a government, I’m sure that every Christian wants good governments, but how can we seek to have a good government when we shy away from politics? On having a righteous government, Datiri said, “God say we should respect those in government, even if you don’t have a righteous government, God say we should pray for them. According to him, “Christians bring transcendent values to governance, that is why we have to actively participate in politics. Speaking on the judiciary in the country, the COCIN President said, “It seems the judiciary has been pocketed in this country, this is because Christians have refused to join politics, or those who have joined have joined the bandwagon. He acknowledged that Nigeria is blessed with natural resources, sadly, the nation has not been able to harness them for the good of its citizenry. He lamented that the myriads of criminality going on in the country is disheartening. The COCIN President said, “Christians are the ones who are the suppose to advocate for justice and life for the common good of humanity”, he admonished. Speaking on participating in politics with a clean heart, Datiri said, “Those shying away from politics, my prayer for you is to participate in politics, with a clean heart. “If you want to stay clean in politics, you must leave a highly principled life, like Daniel did in the Bible”. “To remain clean in politics, you must have an intimate devotional life with God, because that is what will keep you clean. “My challenge to those of you who are in politics, is to cultivate an intimate relationship with God. The COCIN President further urged Christian politicians to have the disciple that will always put them on a right part. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.