The Edo State Police Command has commenced an investigation into the death of an operative of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) in Benin, Williams Oyibogare. The deceased is suspected to have committed suicide as bottles of a pesticide, Sniper, were found in his home located in the Giwa Amu area along Airport Road. It was further alleged that a suicide note was found on his phone, which the police have already recovered. EFCC spokesman, Wilson Uwujaren, confirmed Oyibogare’s death, but said the Commission was waiting for the police to conclude its investigation before making any further comment. “It is true that one of our operatives died. The Police have begun an investigation into the matter and we hope to hear from them soon. “That is all we can say for now,” Uwujaren told New Telegraph. A colleague of the deceased said that Oyibogare recently returned from his annual leave looking emaciated. She said: “He returned from leave recently. He looked pale and seemed to have lost weight. “He may have died from an illness or it could also have been suicide but we cannot say for sure since we don’t live with him. “Let us wait for the police to conclude its probe. An autopsy would be able to reveal the real cause of death.” Police Public Relations Officer, Edo State Command, Chidi Nwabuzor, said the police would wait for the autopsy before making further comment on the matter. Nwabuzor said: “Investigations are on-going, and it would be too soon to make any conclusions at this stage; it is too early to make any pronouncements. “Of course, there will be an autopsy to know the cause of death and inquire about what happened.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More