The Chairman of the Labour Party in Ogun State, Comrade Abayomi Arabambi, has denied having any deal with the immediate past governor of the state, Sen. Ibikunle Amosun, in respect to the party’s election petition against the incumbent Prince Dapo Abiodun at the tribunal. Arabambi cleared the air over a controversial letter allegedly written by him and sent to former Governor Amosun, requesting for the sum of N20m to cover legal cost. Arabambi, who dismissed the letter through a press statement, described it as laughable, ridiculous, fake and useless; saying it was an attempt by those he called ‘cyberdogs’ to tarnish his image. In the said letter, Arabambi was said to be requesting for money from Senator Amosun to pay lawyers who stood for him and the Labour Party’s governorship candidate Ms. Modupe Sanyaolu, at the tribunal to challenge the omission of their party’s logo from the ballot papers used for the March 9 governorship election in Ogun. Recall that Arabambi had on September 10 told DAILY POST that the Labour Party had withdrawn its petition challenging Gov Abiodun’s election at the Supreme Court; this he said was made necessary after a peace meeting he confirmed was arranged by the counsel to Abiodun. https://dailypost.ng/2019/09/11/election-petition-labour-party-withdraws-case-abiodun-supreme-court/ In the letter that suddenly surfaced on the social media, a copy of which was made available to DAILY POST, September 20 was seen as the date it was allegedly co-signed by Arabambi and Sanyaolu. The letter, as perused, did not possess an acknowledgement seal or signature to confirm that it has truly been received by the recipient through an aide. However, Arabambi said the signature on the letter looks like his, alleging that “some miscreants could forge my signature and that of the governorship candidate.” The statement reads in full: “My attention has been drawn to a letter being circulated through the social media by some cyberdogs in collaboration with One Comrade Bode Simeon and an ‘imbecile’ member of ADC political mercenaries, who was deposited at Ilaro from Ilesha, that I, Comrade Abayomi Arabambi purportedly requested former Gov Ibikunle Amosun to pay up the legal cost of our tribunal case against Gov Abiodun. “I wish to state it categorically clear that I know nothing about the letter and that the letter did not, and could never have emanated from me. It is the work of some hungry politicians seeking relevance at all cost. “I wish to tell the entire world that I have no deal with the former governor as far as the tribunal case is concerned. The content of the letter itself is laughable, ridiculous, fake and useless. “Let me tell everybody who cares to know that those behind these useless letter are some miscreants looking for what to eat. They include one Comrade Simeon who will soon be suspended by the Labour Party for impersonation and anti-party activities; his colleague is Olaposi Oginni, an errand boy of GNI. The duo have been making efforts to blackmail me and tarnish my good image, all in a way to satisfy their paymasters. “It is very unfortunate that these miscreants could forge my signature and that of the governorship candidate of the Labour Party in Ogun State, Ms Modupeola Sanyaolu, (due to the fact that we have been in the same party with them) to satisfy a selfish and devilish agenda. It won’t work. “I want to once again emphasise that the letter did not emanate from me or Ms Sanyaolu, neither did it emanate from the Labour Party in Ogun State. The general public should disregard it in its entirety.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.