Police detectives from the FCT Command have arrested one Hamza Abdullahi ‘m’ and his cohort, Awalu Shuaibu, for arranging his kidnap and demanding ransom from his father. DCP (Operations) Sunday Abaji, said this on Thursday at a press briefing on recent arrests. He said the suspect, who wanted to use the medium to extort money from his parent, was arrested at Katampe extension where he had gone to receive the ransom. “The suspects will be arraigned in court when investigation is concluded”, Abaji said. He added: “On 30th August 2019 at about 0200hrs, Police operatives on patrol at Gwarimpa arrested one Samuel Ogabaidu ‘m’ for impersonating to be a police officer. “The suspect who was arrested while driving against traffic introduced himself to the patrol team as a Police Sergeant. However, when questioned he confessed that he was not a police officer. “The Command is carrying out a discreet investigation to ascertain his mission and also unravel the source of the security gadgets found in his possession including one jackknife, a fake police warrant card, improvised bulletproof vest, some security gadgets, and accouterments. He will be arraigned in court after the investigation is concluded. “On 10th September, 2019 at about 0800hrs Police operatives from Gwagwalada Division following a tip-off arrested five armed robbery suspects and recovered two locally fabricated pistols and nine (5) cutlasses, (1) live cartridge and (1) expended cartridge from the suspects. “The suspects went into hiding after their attempt to snatch a Toyota Matrix on 28th August, 2019 was foiled by a Police Patrol team from Gwagwalada Division who acted promptly after receiving the distress call. The suspects arrested are: Suleiman Lawal ‘m’, Umar Sanda ‘m’, Ismail Mohammed ‘m’, Shehu Isah ‘m’ and Nasiru Audu. “On 3rd September, 2019 acting on tip-off and following a joint operation by police operatives from Dutse Alhaji Division and 50 Squadron of the Police Mobile Force, one Chijoike Mathias ‘m’ 35 years, Ikenna Okafor ‘m’ 33 years and Fidelis Okoro ‘m’ 34 years were arrested at their Dutse Alhaji hideout while plotting to carry out a major armed robbery operation. “The exhibits recovered from the suspects include four (4) locally fabricated pistols, sixty-six (66) rounds of live ammunition and some charms. It is important to state that Ikenna Okafor, from whose custody three of the firearms and fifty-two (52) live ammunition were recovered, was among the inmates who escaped from Niger State during the 2018 jailbreak. “In addition, on 22nd August, 2019 at about 1245hrs Police operatives acting on a tip off arrested one Hassan Adamu ‘m’ a notorious armed robbery suspect who has been on the Command watch list. A victim who was robbed in November 2018 alerted the police when she sighted the suspect at a garden in Galadimawa. One locally fabricated revolver pistol with three rounds of live ammunition were recovered from the suspect as exhibits. Effort is being intensified to arrest his cohort who is still on the run. “Similarly, on 21st July, 2019 at about 0200hrs Police operatives on duty at Wuse while responding to distress call arrested one William Peter ‘m’ 25 years and Joseph Philip ‘m’ 23 years who attempted to snatch a car at gunpoint. One toy gun used by the suspects for the operation has been recovered as exhibit. “On 3rd September, 2019 Police operatives acting on complaint have smashed a notorious criminal gang that pose as soothsayers to defraud their unsuspecting victims. In her complaint, the victim noted that the gang had defrauded her of close to eleven million (N11,000,000) before she alerted the Police. “The syndicate shrines are located at Waru, Pyakassa and Galadimawa village. The suspects arrested are: Kehinde Ayola ‘m’ 37 years, Sesan Fatoye ‘m’ 30 years, Shola Samuko ‘m’ 50 years and Sheyi Fagbemi ‘m’ 32 years. “While the Command is working assiduously to arrest other members of the gang, the public is advised to be wary of persons who approach them on the streets as fortune-tellers. Exhibits recovered from them include charms, herbs, calabash, pipe, white and red pieces of clothes, etc. The suspects will be arraigned in court upon the conclusion of the investigation. “On 6th September, 2019 at about 1300hrs Police detectives from the Command Criminal Investigation Department following a complaint have arrested one Monday Simon ‘m’, Emmanuel Mathew ‘m’, Lawal Sabiu and Husseini Ismail ‘m’ who conspired to extort and threatened to kidnap their victim for monetary gains. While Monday Simon was arrested at his residence in Jikwoyi, his cohorts were arrested at Durumi where they had gone to recover the money requested from their victim. “Finally, I want to appreciate our friends from the media for their continuous support and partnership in reporting the activities of the Command.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.