Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari arrived Abuja on Sunday morning amidst threats by the Indigenous People of Biafra and its leader, Nnamdi Kanu that they will seize and disgrace the Nigerian leader in Japan. Buhari returned after attending the Seventh Tokyo International Conference on African Development (TICAD 7) in Yokohama. The President and some members of his entourage arrived at the Presidential wing of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Abuja at about 11:38 p.m. 2. Big Brother Naija, pepper dem housemates, SirDee and Esther were evicted from the reality TV show on Sunday. SirDee and Esther were shown the exit door after scoring the lowest votes among the other 6 housemates that were up for possible eviction. 3. Pope Francis escaped death on Sunday. The pontiff arrived late for his weekly address in St. Peter’s Square on Sunday and explained to the congregants that he had been stuck in an elevator in the Vatican for 25 minutes and had to be freed by firefighters. He told them that there had been an electrical power problem in the Vatican and that he had been stuck in the elevator until freed by Vatican fire officers. He then called for a round of applause for the fire brigade. 4. No fewer than fourteen persons were killed in a fatal motor accident at Garin-Galla village in Ringim Local Government Area of Jigawa State on Sunday. The victims who were travelling along Kano-Gumel road died when two commercial vehicles (Golf 3) one moving to Kano and the other heading to Gumel had a head on collision near the village. One of the vehicles moving to Kano direction went aflame instantly and all four passengers and the driver got burnt beyond recognition. In the other vehicle carrying nine passengers, six died on the spot while the remaining three were rushed to Ringim General Hospital for medical attention, but later died. The victims included two babies, two women and five men, including the driver of the vehicle. 5. The Nigerian Army on Sunday disclosed that 3 soldiers died while 8 others sustained injuries following an encounter with Boko Haram terrorists that resulted in neutralizing many of them. Acting Director Army Public Relations, Colonel Sagir Musa said troops of Sector 3, Operation LAFIYA DOLE attached to Super Camp Monguno on Friday 30th August 2019 while on patrol dealt a devastating blow on Boko Haram terrorists along Monguno-Mairari-Gajiram axis. He said the patrol team came in contact with the terrorists and engaged them with heavy volume of fire that neutralized countless number while a few escaped with gun shot wounds going by blood trails in the general area. 6. A 92-year-old respected elder statesman, Chief Edwin Kiagbodo Clark at the weekend issued a strong warning to any group or region pushing against the Southeast producing the next President come 2023. Clark said it would be dangerous to sideline the Igbo, adding that the amalgamation of South and Northern Nigeria, when it was made, was not made that one group of people either the North or the South should be superior to the other. The PANDEF leader pointed out that after President Muhammadu Buhari’s eight years in 2023, power should shift to the East. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari at the weekend assured that he won’t interfere with the operations of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, as it strives to uncover and prosecute corrupt public officials in the country. The President gave assurance that his administration would offer the EFCC all the necessary support to ensure effective discharge of its responsibilities. He also assured them that the government would improve their working condition to enhance their efficiency. Buhari stressed that the fight against corruption remains a cardinal objective of his government. 8. The Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, at the weekend, lambasted his counterpart from Kano State, Abdullahi Ganduje over plans to drag him to court. Ganduje was reported to have threatened to institute a legal action against Wike, following claims that he ordered the demolition of a mosque in Port Harcourt, the state capital. However, in a statement Wike said It beats his imagination that Ganduje was still in the habit of making irresponsible comments about Rivers State. Wike said that up till now, Ganduje was yet to realise that he (Wike) is not dollars that he can pocket recklessly and sheepishly. 9. Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide on Sunday declared war against any erring pastoralists caught up trespassing from one community to another by cattle Conveyance by foot in the south east geopolitical zone. Ohanaeze also called on the leadership of the indigenous people of Biafra, IPOB, to tender an unreserved apology to the governors of the south east geopolitical zone for unwarranted attacks. 10. The Islamic Movement in Nigeria, on Sunday vowed to fight what it described as tyranny, oppression and extra-judicial killings allegedly by the President Muhammadu Buhari government. IMN said it will not hesitate to take all necessary legitimate measures to enforce their rights. It said its members will most certainly remain steadfast and continue with all their religious programs and activities of Ashura mourning, as well as the peaceful struggle for the freedom of Sheikh Zakzaky. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.