The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Senatorial candidate for Kaduna Central in the 2019 general elections, Lawal Adamu Usman (Mr LA), has appealed the judgment of the Kaduna State and National Assembly elections tribunal that favoured his opponent, Senator Uba Sani of the All Progressives Congress. Confirming the development, the candidate’s media consultant, Abdul-Azeez Suleiman, in a statement explained that Usman arrived at the decision after reviewing the tribunal ruling with his legal team, consulting with political associates and major stakeholders in the senatorial zone. Restating confidence in the judicial system as the only remaining hope for the citizens while filing the appeal at the Kaduna state Court of Appeal, Adamu said he was committed to reclaiming and restoring the mandate of the people of Kaduna central. Appreciating the understanding and encouragement from his supporters, Adamu urged them to continue to exercise patience, assuring them that “he who laughs last, laughs best and longest”. Adamu had asked the tribunal to nullify the election of Uba Sani on the grounds of massive rigging, ballot stuffing, ballot snatching and violence in most parts of the senatorial zone. He also asserted that the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, did not comply with the electoral Act 2010 in the conduct of the poll. Adamu equally alleged that Uba Sani did not resign his appointment as an official of the Government of Kaduna State before contesting the poll and that violated the Electoral Act. However, Chairman of the three-member Tribunal, Adamu Suleiman, in a judgment that lasted three hours, said that Adamu and his party failed to provide substantial evidence of all allegations contained in the petition. Dissatisfied, Adamu appealed and prayed the Court of Appeal to upturn the ruling of the tribunal and hold that the trial judges erred in law. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.