Former England midfielder, Jamie Redknapp, has insisted that Manchester City will not overtake Liverpool, to win the 2019/2020 Premier League title. City clawed back a 10-point gap last season, to win the league by one point ahead of the Reds. Liverpool are five points clear at the top after five fixtures, after they beat Newcastle 3-1 and the champions lost 3-2 at Norwich City. Redknapp, writing in his DailyMail column, claims Pep Guardiola’s men are “wounded”, following the injury suffered by Aymeric Laporte. He said: “Even when Manchester City were trailing Liverpool by 10 points last December, deep down the majority of us thought that Pep Guardiola’s side remained favourites to be crowned champions of England. “That’s changed. Jurgen Klopp’s men are no longer the underdogs. They are now the frontrunners for the Premier League title. They conquered Europe, now they want to rule in their own back garden. “City are wounded. They have lost Aymeric Laporte, and that is the equivalent of taking Virgil van Dijk out of the Liverpool team. “I was at Carrow Road on Saturday to see City line up for the first time since Laporte suffered his unfortunate injury and their defensive frailties were exposed. Sunday League players would be embarrassed to make the same mistakes Nicolas Otamendi made against Norwich. “For Liverpool, everything seems to be falling into place. They will not read too much into a five-point lead in mid-September but it feels like the momentum has shifted. “It helps to have a fortress like Anfield. The last time Liverpool lost at home was to Crystal Palace in April 2017 — 43 games ago. That is the longest active streak in Europe’s elite leagues, with Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain closest on 22. “It is also the second-longest streak the Premier League has seen, beaten only by Chelsea’s run of 86 games at Stamford Bridge from 2004 to 2008. “Can they trouble that record? I don’t see Liverpool’s run ending any time soon. Newcastle took the lead on Saturday but that was a blip. That only made the hosts more angry, and they duly went on to wipe the floor with the visitors.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.