A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State, Asiwaju Rotimi Ajanaku, on Tuesday declared that Nigerians youths will have no other options than to start attacking businesses and companies owned by South Africans in Nigeria, if the attacks of Nigerians in South Africa continue unabated. Ajanaku, made this declaration via a statement issued on his behalf by his Media Aide, Mr. Debo Adeoye, a copy which was made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan. DAILY POST gathered that there had been series of reported attacks on Nigerians in South African under the guise of Xenophobia in the last few weeks. The recent one was the Sunday’s attack and looting of businesses belonged to some Nigerians. But, Ajanaku, who is the Asiwaju Odo O’odua, while reacting, insisted that Nigerian youths will be forced to take laws into their hands, by attacking businesses owned by South Africans if the situation is not brought under control. Ajanaku, while maintaining that South Africa citizens werr making billions of Naira through their businesses in Nigeria, however, warned that Nigerians should not be taking for granted due to their tolerance. The APC stalwart while demanding sanction against the government and citizens of South Africa to end the persistent gruesome xenophobic attacks on Nigerians living in their country, described the attack carried out on Monday against Nigerians living in South Africans as barbaric and uncalled for. Ajanaku said, “It is very disappointing that in 21st Century, a developed, popular and one of the superpower nations in Africa, South Africa, could allow her citizens to engage in such uncivilized, uncultured and animalistic attacks against immigrants legally residing in her nation. “If this continue unabated, it is most likely that Nigerian youths take laws into their hands, and start attacking businesses owned by South Africans. We are not ignorance of several millions of dollars that citizen of South Africa are making from Nigeria, through various businesses ranging from electronics, telecommunications, entertainment, beverages, agriculture and others. No one has monopoly of violence, but we are more accommodating and tolerance here and that should not be taking for granted by anyone. “Whereas, there are several legal ways of deporting illegal immigrants or those found guilty of one crime or the other without hurting or violating their rights, South Africans embarked on senseless and worrisome attacks, unleashed terror on armless and innocent Nigerians doing legitimate business in their country.” Ajanaku while speaking further asked the federal government under President Muhammadu Buhari to act fast “to stop excesses of these burgers, blood thirsty animals that are hidden under xenophobia to perpetuate evils. “I would not know why Nigerian government is afraid of rolling out the long deserved sanctions against South Africa government and her citizens. These blood thirsty terrorists, armed robbers are just hiding under xenophobia to kill Nigerians, burgled their shops to forcefully carry away property that worth millions of naira. “The ministry of foreign affairs is by now supposed to have issued travel alert to Nigerians planning to visit South Africa and possibly go-ahead to label SA as a terrorist nation, after all, others did it against us even when it was obvious that no foreigner was involved in several of attacks experienced in Nigeria. “It is time for the Federal government to react, government must take a drastic measure now to stop this worrisome attacks to safe lives of other Nigerians living abroad. Every possible sanction must be included in federal government decision to stop other nations from taking Nigeria for granted. “South African government should stop its camouflaging sympathetic gesture and approach the issue with all sincerity by taking a proactive measure. SA government should as a matter of urgency do whatever it takes to protect the lives and property of Nigerians living in SA.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.