The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Tuesday demanded a system-wide investigation into the alleged siphoning of N90 billion from the coffers of the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) in which top members of the Buhari Presidency and All Progressives Congress (APC) have been mentioned. PDP dared the Buhari Presidency not to cover what it termed “humongous corruption involving highly placed officers in this administration, as it had done in the past.” Recall that a former Deputy Spokesperson of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Timi Frank had alleged that the Federal Inland Revenue Services, FIRS, had released the N90bn to the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo for the 2019 general elections. The political analyst had alleged that Osinbajo’s ongoing travails were allegedly due to corruption and has nothing to do with 2023 politics. He had claimed that he has reliable information from his sources in the presidency to the effect that Osinbajo’s travail has nothing to do with 2023 but alleged mismanagement of about N90 billion Naira released by the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) to prosecute the last general elections in favour of the APC. But, FIRS had denied the allegation, saying it did not make N90 billion available to Vice-President for election campaign. It accused Frank of seeking cheap popularity while threatening that it would file a libel suit if he refuses to tender an apology in three major newspapers within the next 24 hours. However, PDP lamented that such alleged corrupt practices was linked to a government which came to power on the promises of fighting corruption. A statement by PDP spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan reads: “The party laments that in the face of excruciating hardship being endured by citizens, a government, which came into office on the mantra of change and zero tolerance for corruption, has become enmeshed in atrocious acts of corruption. “The PDP holds that it is pathetic and speaks volumes of the character of this administration that a top member of the cabinet is being fingered in this reprehensible siphoning of monies collected as taxes from millions of already impoverished Nigerians. “Our party notes that this shocking allegation directly borders on gross misconduct and breach of public trust. “The party therefore rejects the flimsy denials and threats being pushed through the FIRS as a belated attempt at cover-up by persons close to the Presidency. “It is therefore held that the delay by the Buhari Presidency in applying established statutory processes and procedures of ordering an investigation into the issue only goes to confirm that the Buhari administration is a citadel of corruption. “This is more so as reports are already in the public domain of how the money stolen from FIRS, was allegedly diverted to private purses and for other extraneous purposes including the 2019 extravagant campaigns of
the APC. “Nigerians expect that all our national resources should always be used to ensure the welfare of the citizenry and must be accounted for at all times.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.