Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian newspapers: 1. The Presidential Election Petition Tribunal will deliver judgment on Wednesday (today) in the petition of the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar challenging the declaration of President Muhammadu Buhari as winner of the February 23, presidential poll. The tribunal in a notice of hearing conveyed to parties in the petition through text messages and telephone calls, announced its resolution to make its findings and final decision on the petition public today. Atiku and PDP are praying the Justice Mohammed Garba led tribunal, to nullify Buhari’s election on various grounds ranging from non-qualification to stand for the election, election malpractices, alteration of election results and violence amongst others. 2. Negotiation between the Federal Government and the Joint National Public Service Negotiating Council (JNPSNC) on the new minimum wage was again rescheduled for Sept. 16 on Tuesday. The last negotiation between the government and the JNPSNC was to hold on Sept. 4, but was suspended. Alade Lawal, JNPSN Secretary-General, confirmed on Tuesday in Lagos that the meeting was rescheduled at the instance of the officials. The organised labour and the Federal Government have been in conflict over the implementation of the new minimum wage which was signed into law by President Muhammadu Buhari on April 18. 3. The Election Petition Tribunal sitting in Ado Ekiti on Tuesday nullified the election of Senator Dayo Adeyeye of the All Progressive Congress (APC). Adeyeye is the Chairman, Senate Committee on Media. The tribunal in a unanimous judgment declared former Minority Leader and the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Biodun Olujimi, winner. Justice D.D. Adeck ruled that Olujimi was able to convince the panel on her grounds. Olujimi had submitted that she scored the highest number of lawful votes cast during the keenly contested poll.
4. President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday decried what he called the undue politicization of the security situation in the country. Buhari, while receiving promoters of the proposed African Security Leadership Summit at State House, Abuja, said no matter how much the revisionists try to distort history, the records show where we were in terms of security in 2015, where we are now, and we also know where we want to be. He said the relative successes of the administration since 2015 are clear, and what remains in areas of security are also clear, despite the politicization. 5. The Oyo State National and State Houses of Assembly Election Petitions Tribunal sitting in Ibadan, on Tuesday, struck out a suit filed by the immediate past Governor of Oyo state, Abiola Ajimobi challenging the victory of Mr. Kola Balogun in Oyo South District. Ajimobi had approached the election petition tribunal, praying the court to declare him, as the winner of the election. The court, however, on Tuesday, upheld the election of Balogun as the senator representing Oyo South Senatorial district. 6. A Federal High Court sitting in Ikoyi, Lagos, Tuesday, ordered the final forfeiture of some jewellery and a customized gold Iphone valued at $40m belonging to a former Minister of Petroleum Resources, Diezani Alison-Madueke, to the Federal Government. The trial Judge, Just6I. N. Oweibo had, on July 5, granted the interim forfeiture of the properties, following an ex parte application filed by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC. Justice Oweibo had also directed interested parties to show cause why the properties should not be forfeited to the Federal Government. The anti-graft spokesman, Wilson Uwujaren disclosed this in a statement in Abuja. 7. The Super Eagles threw away a two-goal lead in incredible fashion, to draw 2-2 with Ukraine in an international friendly on Tuesday in Dnipro. Nigeria took immediate control of the game, with an early goal. Joe Aribo finished off a fine team move in the third minute to make it 1-0. Gernot Rohr’s men went into the break 2-0 up, after Victor Osimhen fired in a penalty. However, they conceded two goals in as many minutes in the second half. First, Oleksandr Zinchenko dribbled his way through to pull one back, before Roman Yaremchuk scored the equalizer. 8. The Election Petitions Tribunal for National Assembly Election yesterday dismissed the petition filed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) against the victory of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2019 National Assembly election. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) had declared Hon Israel Sunny-Goli of the APC winner of the Nembe/Brass Federal Constituency polling 41,150 votes against his closet rival Mrs Marie Enenimiete Ebikake of the PDP, who polled 19, 279. Ebikake, however, in a petition, prayed the Tribunal to annul the election of Sunny- Goli citing non- compliance with provisions of the Electoral Act and violence in seven wards of Nembe Bassambiri. The tribunal led by Justice Lambert Azuama, with Justice Ruqayat Ayoola and Linda Yarosong as members, in its ruling dismissed the petition for lack of documentary evidence and affirmed the victory of Hon. Sunny- Goli. 9. The National and State Houses of Assembly Election Petition Tribunal sitting in Ibadan, on Tuesday, upheld the election of Senator Abdulfatai Buhari representing Oyo North in the National Assembly on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC). In a unanimous judgement read by Justice Sambo Daka, the panel said the petitioners Mulikat Adeola-Akande and her party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) failed to prove their petition beyond reasonable doubt. The panel also awarded a cost of N150,000 against the petitioners. 10. A soldier was on Tuesday apprehended for alleged car snatching in the Adamawa State capital, Yola. The soldier, who admitted to the crime, justified it, saying he had not been paid for a long time. The Public Relations Officer of the state Police Command, DSP Sulaiman Nguroje, confirmed the incident Tuesday, saying the incident happened in the early hours of the day near a famous part of a town called Target Junction. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.