A cross section of Nigerians has reacted to the recent revelation by Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemate Mercy about her love life. Mercy had on Friday night while discussing with fellow housemate, Elozonam revealed that she was dating former Super Eagles striker, Emmanuel Emenike before he got married to ex-beauty Queen, Iheoma Nnadi. She disclosed that she found out about his marriage to ex-beauty queen on Instagram while they were dating. According to her, the footballer, who she claimed loved her dumped her because she was a “nobody” at that time. Mercy added that the situation at that time pushed her determination to become successful and to become a celebrity. Her statement has since stirred reactions from Nigerians on social media. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Zinomula “Wow Mercy told Elonozam Emenike dumped her for former MBGN and she found out on instagram.” @Pastor_CVB “Mercy telling Elo Emenike dumped her for former MBGN and she found out on instagram, saying she’s determined to be a Celebrity as she feels he dumped her because she had no social status. @Fuomatic “Emenike contributed to what made mercy step up her game in Life. I don’t have anything to say to Emenike but thumbs down.” @urbanculture16 “Oh I’m just getting the gist of ex-Footballer Emmanuel Emenike dating Mercy of BBNaija right before he got married and it makes me like her more. She will come out smiling with N60,000,000.” @Heywhyhoney “Emenike obviously has a type. The girl and Mercy too resemble.” @Ifeomabesty “Mercy settled for Ike since she couldn’t get the whole Emenike, half bread is better than none.” @KVng_Nilla “Emenike really did Mercy dirty. Men will really embarrass you.” @9jacrib, “Mercy thanks for telling us you once dated Emenike. But I bet you if he was not famous you wouldn’t have talked about it neither would you have dated him. I’m sure you went for the money and the guy was fast to know what you represent and hence decided to allow you date yourself while he moved on.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.