Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. One of the most lively housemates in the Big Brother Naija, BBNaija 2019 Khafi Kareem, was on Sunday, evicted from the reality show. The Ekiti-born housemate was evicted from the Pepper Dem edition of Big Brother on Sunday during Live eviction show. Her eviction has left 10 housemates battling for the grand prize of N60m. Four housemates: Khafi, Tacha, Mike and Seyi were nominated for possible eviction this week. 2. A Federal High Court sitting in Port Harcourt, Rivers State at the weekend ordered former governor, Rochas Okorocha and his family not to sell or alienate any of the properties that were subject of an interim order of the court pending the conclusion of investigation by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC. Presiding Justice J. K. Omotosho also directed the applicants to, on or before Tuesday, September 17, depose to an affidavit of undertaking and adjourned to September 27, for report. The properties are: Rochas Foundation College, Owerri, All in 1 Shopping Mall, East High Academy, East High College and Royal Spring Palm Hotel & Apartments. 3. The immediate past Governor of Imo State, Senator Rochas Okorocha, at the weekend declared that he will not hesitate to join the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, if the Nnamdi Kanu-led group is able to convince him to do so. The lawmaker representing Imo North at the Senate, said that he is yet to find out what IPOB is looking for. Okorocha, who admitted knowing members of the organisation added it is his duty to have a chat with them as a father. 4. Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB at the weekend raised the alarm over alleged presence of ‘Fulani assassins’ at his residence in Umuahia, Abia State. Kanu threatened to expose whoever sent the assassins , who according to him, came in a white Toyota Hilux. The IPOB leader warned the assassins to retrace their steps or face his wrath. 5. The popular Onyirada bridge along Aho-Ukwo road collapsed at the weekend while valuables worth millions of naira were swept away in a devastating flood disaster that swept through Owukpa, a suburb of Ogbadibo LGA of Benue State. The ravaging flood also rendered no fewer than 700 people homeless in the area. Most of the people affected by the disaster were residents of Udaburu-Ugbugbu in Ehaje, Ogwurute, Obenjira, Ejaa, Ugwu-Ogaji and Ola’Och Idu in Itabono areas of Owukpa. In Ehaje, residents of villages such as Udaburu, Ugbugbu, Odobe, Anumachogwu, Aho, and others have been cut off from the main Ukwo Centre due to the collapse of the Onyirada bridge. 6. Three suspected kidnappers were on Sunday shot dead during a shooting encounter with a combined team of soldiers, policemen and local hunter in Kogi State. The state police command’s Public Relations Officer, ASP William Aya, confirmed this in Lokoja on Sunday saying that two of the kidnappers also escaped with gunshot injuries. Aya said that the five-man armed kidnappers had, on Sept. 11, kidnapped six persons between Iyamoye and Ekinrinade road in Ijumu Local Government area of the state. 7. The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has revealed that its leader, Nnamdi Kanu will on Tuesday meet with officials of the United Nations in its Geneva, Switzerland office. IPOB stated that contrary to speculations that Kanu would meet the officials during the general assembly in Washington, it opted for a smaller gathering in Geneva to avoid infiltration by ‘opposition elements.’ It added that the details of the meeting would remain under wraps as previous experience during Kanu’s meeting with European Union in Brussels, showed that the federal government of Nigeria also sent two diplomats as delegates to spy on them. 8. Nigeria’s Permanent Representative to the United Nations, Professor Tijjani Muhammad-Bande is all set to take office as the President of the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA). The ceremonies will take place at the UN New York headquarters on September 16th and 17th, ahead of the High-Level week of the UNGA when leaders of the nations of the world take turns to address the General Assembly. A government team to the historic event to be led by the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, include the Director-General of the National Intelligence Agency (NIA), Ambassador Ahmed Rufa’i Abubakar and the Senior Special Assistant, Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu. 9. Detectives from Bariga Police Station at the weekend arrested one Emmanuel Olatunde (aka “Pastor”), a notorious cultist. He was arrested in connection with some robbery and murder cases within Bariga Local Government Area. This was contained in a statement signed by the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Bala Elkana, on Sunday. Elkana said that Olatunde, 31, of No 27 Oremenunu Ibafo Street, Bariga is an ex-convict and a member of the ‘Eiye Confraternity’, responsible for terrorizing people in Bariga. He said Pastor is responsible for the murder of one Ahmed Karowi, an Aiye Confraternity Kingpin on Sept. 11, 2019. 10. A policeman identified as Sergeant Taiwo Orisadare at the weekend allegedly stabbed nine persons at a popular nightclub in Akure, the Ondo State capital. Trouble started at the nightclub, which is located in Alagbaka GRA area of Akure when the policeman attached to the Akure Area Commander’s office allegedly began to behave in an erratic manner. According to eyewitnesses, the drunk policeman became unruly and started harassing the victims who had come to unwind at the club. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.