The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, has ordered water-tight security around embassies, foreign missions, foreigners and their businesses within the country. The order was against the backdrop of the unfortunate attack on Shoprite outlets in Lekki Area of Lagos Sate, on Tuesday. A statement on Wednesday by Frank Mba, the Force spokesman, said miscreants attacked and looted the Malls ostensibly under the pretext of protesting against the incessant “xenophobic” attacks in South Africa. “To this end, all Zonal Assistant Inspectors General of Police and Commissioners of Police across the Federation have been placed on red alert to ensure no similar violence is replicated within the country”, it said. The IGP condemned the violent attacks and noted that three police officers were seriously injured and a police operational vehicle set ablaze He also disclosed that a total number of 125 suspects have been arrested in connection with the incident while a good number of looted valuables have been recovered by the Police. “While recognizing the rights of citizens to air their views on salient national issues as enshrined in our statutes, the Force reiterates that these must be done within the confines of the law”, it added. “Miscreants and criminally-minded people who masquerade as genuine protesters are therefore warned to stay-off the streets of Nigeria as the Force will not hesitate to bring to bear the full weight of the law on any such law breaker. “Parents and Guardians are therefore enjoined to prevail on their children and wards to desist from acts capable of causing breakdown of law and order in the country. “Meanwhile, the Force has commenced investigations and profiling of the arrested suspects with a view to establishing their connection with the stealing, malicious damage, arson and disturbance of public peace on the day of the incident.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.