The Ekiti State Police Command, has warned that students should desist from unlawful assembly that can exacerbate the insecurity situation in the state, particularly any planned protest that has to do with the killings of two students of the Federal University, Oye Ekiti(FUOYE). In a statement in Ado Ekiti on Sunday by its Public Relations Officer, DSP Caleb Ikechukwu , the police said it has discovered through intelligence gathering that a group under the auspices of ‘ex-graduates’ , who are not currently students of any higher Institutions are presently moving into the state with the sole aim of fomenting and precipitating trouble over the crisis. “However, the Police Command is using this medium to warn any One or Group of Person(s) against any Unlawful Assembly with an intent to cause breach of Peace. “The Police Command has the constitutional mandate to maintain Law and order and also to stop or advice any gathering which it thinks might lead to the break of law and order. “Furthermore, the police command shall deal decisively with any one or group who takes Law into their hands. Such a person will be arrested and prosecuted accordingly no matter how highly placed”. Meanwhile, the National Youth Council of Nigeria, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to order thorough investigation of the killings. A statement by NYCN Director of Education and training, Oluwadamilare Bewaji, said :”It is understandable to say, that the office of the First Lady has nothing to do with the epileptic supply of Electricity to Students’ environment but it would have been wise and safer if she had taken time to address and appease the agitating students” “Therefore, NYCN demanded that Governor Kayode Fayemi must issue a statement condemning the actions of the Nigeria Policemen and to also compensate the two families that lost their sons and also pay the medical bills of those receiving treatment. “That the arrested students be released with immediate effect.That the said policemen must be arrested and prosecuted without any delay”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.