The Oyo State chapter of All Progressives Congress (APC), has lamented what it described as a regrettable downward slide in the fortune of the state as a result of poor handling of its affairs by the Peoples Democratic Party’s administration led by Mr. Oluseyi Makinde in the last 100 days. DAILY POST recalls that Makinde was sworn-in on May 29, 2019. He succeeded Mr. Abiola Ajimobi of the APC. Makinde, since his inauguration has been boasting of various achievements. One of the things he has been parading as his achievements is the cancelation of 3,000 and other compulsory levies in public primary and secondary school students and proscription of the state chapter of National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) aimed to reduce the suffering of parents and ensure peace and tranquility respectively. But, the APC while reacting, said that it is unfortunate that no single pot hole has been fixed on any road anywhere in the state since Ajimobi left office. Assistant Publicity Secretary of APC, Prince Ayobami Adejumo, in a statement issued in Ibadan, a copy of which was made available to DAILY POST said that the state now have an administration which does not seem to know what governance entails. Adejumo said, “As a progressive entity, we are deeply concerned about the future of the Pacesetter State in view of the fact that the tempo of purposeful governor went away with the immediate former governor. We now have an administration which does not seem to know what governance entails. Obviously, handlers of the current PDP government are grossly incompetent and the earlier they realize this, the better for the future of our dear state. “Modern ethics of governance or public administration do not give room for experiments as an average prospective leader is expected to be armed with ideal blueprint or roadmap with which he plans to add value or make a positive difference. In the case of Oyo state at the moment, the whole world is worried that we now have a man who still campaigns for election after he had been sworn-in as governor. “If not a theatre of the absurd; how does a mere plan to purchase pleasure cars amount to a giant stride in enhancing security? How does the rebranding and unveiling of exercise books inherited from the successive administration change the face of education for the better in a state? How does a mere pronouncement change the status of Adeoyo State Hospital to meet up with the value of the University College Hospital, Ibadan? “On many occasions in the last three months, we have had Gov. Makinde speak on probing the administration of Sen. Ajimobi on the spurious allegations of graft in the morning and also come out in the evening of same day to applaud most of his policies while in office. Rather than engaging in bitter politicking and unnecessary grandstanding, we urge him to borrow a leaf from Ajimobi and come up with only programs and policies that could move the state forward in no time. “Rather than roll out drums and make noise through media patronage to cover the track, Gov. Makinde should apologize for his failure to deliver on his campaign promises. Basically, people care to know why the governor has not secured sole ownership of Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH), Ogbomoso for Oyo State as promised? Why has the governor refused to pay the 30 thousand naira minimum wage to workers? Why has Gov. Makinde not been able to wean the state from being dependent of monthly federal allocations and loans? After all, it is dawned on the people that all he (Makinde) was to take an advantage of the people and make fake promises just to be a governor. “However, now that Gov. Makinde is preparing to commission most of the Model Schools built by the administration of Sen. Ajimobi, we are appealing to him to monitor and support all the contractors handling various developmental projects across the state and, at the same time, endeavor to give due credit to the APC government since government is a continuum. Since Ajimobi left office, no single pot hole has been fixed on any road anywhere in the state and this is rather unfortunate.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.