Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Federal High Court in Abuja has ordered the permanent forfeiture of some money returned by a suspect linked to Winifred Oyo-Ita, the suspended Head of Service of the Federation. The order of final forfeiture was made by Justice Folashade Ogunbanjo-Giwa. 2. The President Muhammadu Buhari government has reportedly concluded plans to report Justice Taiwo Taiwo, to the National Judicial Council (NJC) on account of his decision to grant bail to the convener of #RevolutionNow protest, Omoyele Sowore. 3. The Department of State Services, DSS, has blocked the bailiff of the Federal High Court from serving it with the order of the court directing the release of detained political activist, Omowole Sowore The bailiff was blocked from gaining entry into the service’s headquarters. 4. The President Muhammadu Buhari government is not willing to raise the $200m security payment that the Commercial Court in London ordered it to pay into the court’s account in respect of an appeal against the $9.6bn arbitral award in favour of Process and Industrial Developments Limited. It is considering other legal options available besides paying the money. 5. A former National Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Olisa Metuh, has narrated how the sum of N400 million given to him from the Office of the former National Security Adviser Sambo Dasuki was shared for a special national assignment given to him by former President Goodluck Jonathan in the run-up to the 2015 Presidential election. 6. The Joint National Public Service Negotiating Council, JNPSNC, has said there is no timeline on when the Federal Government would begin the full implementation of minimum wage to workers on all levels. It however expressed the hope that both the FG and the organised labour would arrive at a decision soon as negotiation may resume in a couple of days. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday gave some insights into the severe climate challenges confronting the country. He said some of the reasons are that Nigeria is a neighbour to the Sahara Desert and that Lake Chad is shrinking while population is exploding. 8. The Federal Government through the Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, has expressed optimism that the entire arbitration decisions and judgement debt of N9.6 billion against Nigeria by a United Kingdom court over a botched gas contract would be set aside. 9. The Trade Union Congress of Nigeria, TUC, has urged the Federal Government to urgently conclude discussion on the new minimum wage and commence implementation across board. The union also condemned the segmental implementation of the minimum wage for grade levels one to six. 10. President Muhammadu Buhari has left New York for Abuja, after participating in the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA). Buhari departed via the JFK Airport en-route to Nigeria at about 11am local time. President Buhari arrived in New York on September 23. He was 5th on the list of presidents to address the Assembly. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.