The Labour Party in Ogun State has for a long time been enmeshed in series of leadership tussles. The crisis rocking the party took a new twist on Thursday when a faction of the Labour Party, with the support of its South West National Vice Chairman, Comrade Bode Simeon, announced the suspension of its Ogun State chapter Chairman, Comrade Abayomi Arabambi, indefinitely, and replaced him with Comrade Babatunde Coker, as the Acting State Chairman. This is coming a few days after the Labour Party withdrew its election petition against Gov. Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State at the Supreme Court. Simeon announced Arabambi’s suspension during a Press Conference held in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. The National Vice Chairman, explained that the suspension of Arabambi became necessary following unresolved crisis within the party, which he claimed Arabambi failed to address. “This briefing is necessary to let our large supporters and the public in general know the goings-on in our great Labour Party, Ogun State Chapter. For sometimes now, there have been crises of confidence, maladministration, etc, rocking the fabrics of our great Party in Ogun State”, he said. Simeon spoke further, saying, “consequently, I have been directed by the National Chairman, Comrade Abdulkadri Abdulsalam to announce as follows: “Labour party is one, therefore no faction in Labour Party. “That henceforth, Comrade Abayomi Olufemi Arabambi is hereby suspended indefinitely as Labour Party Chairman in Ogun State. Since there cannot be a vacuum and to allow for the smooth running of the party in the State, the State Deputy Chairman and the Chairman Ogun State Central Senatorial District Comrade, Babatunde Ranti Amanda Coker is now named as the Acting State Chairman of Labour Party Ogun State and accordingly to direct the affairs of Labour Party Ogun State Chapter, in the State henceforth” The National Vice Chairman, Comrade Simeon, emphasised that the party is a peace loving political party ready to work with other parties, adding, “our great labour party is a peace loving political organization, proactive and prepared to work with other political organization for enthronement of enduring democracy in Ogun State and in Nigeria”. Meanwhile, the National Chairman and the entire Ogun Labour Party Exco members seized the opportunity to dissociate themselves from all litigations and legal processes instituted by the suspended State Chairman, Comrade Abayomi Arabambi in the last Governorship Election held in Ogun State. However, the embattled Ogun LP Chairman, Arabambi has reacted to his purported susoension, describing those behind it as people who should not be taken seriously. When he was contacted by DAILY POST, Arabambi said, “My attention was drawn to a purported news of suspension by a set of lunatic and idiots under Bode Simeon who is under the influence of hard drug introduced to him by Oginni Olaposi, Sina Elediye who has no paternal background and one other member of ADC. This group of fools should not be taken seriously as it’s obvious they have taken overdose of Tramadol with Codeine. “Bode Simeon is a ‘psychiatric patient’ who escaped from Yaba left side and anyone who sees him should please hand him over to the police before he will constitute himself as a lunatic epidemic to the society. “The gangsters present are not members of LP at any levels and therefore lack the requisite capacities to carry out any constitutional functions on behalf of LP. Bode on his own is a stacked illiterate who impersonate the National Chairman through forgery and appropriate action will be taken against him through the Law enforcement agents . “I, Comrade Arabambi Abayomi, remains the duly elected, INEC and LP recognized State Executive Chairman and I remain the undisputed leader of Ogun LP and State Chairman Ogun IPAC Cpencil.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.