Former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode has called for the expulsion of all South African citizens from Nigeria following renewed protest against Nigerians. DAILY POST reports that Nigerians and other nationals in South Africa were on Sunday asked to leave immediately. Residents of hostels in eastern Johannesburg marched along Jules Street in the area, demanding that “foreigners must go back to where they came from”. Reacting, Fani-Kayode called on Nigerian government to expel South Africans from the country and nationalise all South African companies that are operating in Nigeria. He also called on President Muhammadu Buhari’s government to retaliate the attacks and break up diplomatic ties with South Africa. In a series of post on his Twitter page, Fani-Kayode wrote: “In Johannesberg, the xenophobic madness has started again. Well organised and well armed South African mobs and killer squads are marching in the streets calling for all foreigners to leave and looking for Nigerians to kill. “How long do we have to put up with this state-sponsored violence and extreme provocation? Will we turn the other cheek forever? Who will defend mother Nigeria and who will fight for us? Is our blood so easy to spill and are our lives so cheap? What is our government doing? “What are our Armed Forces there for if not to protect our lives and defend our honor and people? The South African Government has openly ENCOURAGED and openly SUPPORTED this great evil and the mass murder of our compatriots! Enough is enough. “We cannot be expected not to retaliate in the streets of Nigeria! You cannot kill our people and expect yours to go free in our shores or for your companies to have peace and security in our nation. For every action there is a reaction that is the law of nature and the world. “If you shed innocent blood it will come back to you! I call for the expulsion of all South African citizens from Nigeria, the nationalisation of all South African companies that are operating in Nigeria, the breaking up of diplomatic ties with South Africa. “A recall and relocation of all our citizens that live in South Africa back home to Nigeria and, if the targetting and killing of our citizens does not stop, an apology offered and compensation paid by the South African Government, a declaration of total war with South Africa.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.