The Presidency has come under attack over attendance of the Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai, his Ekiti counterpart, Fayemi, and the Emir of Kano, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi at World Economic Forum,WEF in South Africa. Bashir Ahmaad, aide to President Muhammadu Buhari on his Twitter page disclosed that Ezekwesili was attending WEF in South Africa on her own despite federal government decision to boycott the event. He wrote: “Nigerian government has boycotted the World Economic Forum holding in Cape Town, South Africa, but some individuals from Nigeria, including a former Minister are attending on their own. “Madam Oby Ezekwesili, she is attending the WEF in Cape Town, South Africa.” However, Ezekwesili responding to Ahmaad’s tweet said she would be attending WEF because of citizens’ at risk in South Africa. She noted that she does not need Buhari’s government to decide her participation in WEF. But, Ahmaad has come under serious criticisms on Twitter over failure to mention Fayemi, El-Rufai and Sanusi’s presence at WEF. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST: @Omogbajabiamila “Bashir, at what point do you intend to tell your followers that Governor Nasir Elrufai, Governor Kayode Fayemi, Emir Sanusi Lamido Sanusi and Amina Jane Mohammed were also in attendance at the WEF? @MrStanleyNwabia “Just when I thought me and you were finally agreeing on something, never knew you dishonest Buharists just decided to use @obyezeks as scapegoat for attending WEF, while your sacred Cows, Fayemi, Elrufai and SLS are also in South Africa drinking Umqombothi.” @Ayobankole “Two APC Governors & Buhari’s close allies, Fayemi & El Rufai, along with Lamido Sanusi, Amina Mohammed, Jim Ovia, and many others also attended WEF. But Bashir fraudulently tossed Madam Oby to you because she speaks against this govt’s failure, and you fell for it. Very pathetic.” @Bonario89”So Mallam Nasir El rufai, Emir Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, and Governor Fayemi were all at the WEF, but @BashirAhmaad and Buharists singled out Oby because maligning her will make us forget our President can’t pronounce Xenophobia.” @RealOlauduah “While I was calling out on Madam Oby & Jim Ovia, I didn’t even know Emir Sanusi, Governor Kayode Fayemi & ElRufai were also in #WEF2019. Who says the government boycotted the event then? Aren’t we a hypocritical and an unserious people? @Chydee “Mr. Bashir, do you know that El Rufai, Fayemi and SLS are in South Africa for the WEF too. They’re not even private citizens. I wonder what you and the bots you sponsored to attack Madam Ezekwesili think about that.” @Islimfit “Apparently, Gov. Elrufai, Gov. Kayode Fayemi, Emir Sanusi Lamido Sanusi and Amina Jane Mohammed were also in attendance at the WEF Summit. So who exactly are these guys answering to if they can go against the President’s order? Except the ‘boycott’ was just for the headlines.” @martmekus “I am waiting for Bashir to drag El-Rufai and HRH emir of Kano too. The fact remains that PMB is weak and incompetent. The thought of pulling out of WED was an afterthought after twitter bashing and after Rwandan president led from the front.” @Zeus_vgcn “Most people, myself included, had no inkling SLS, El Rufai and Fayemi were in SA or participating in WEF until tweets about them trickled in. Mr. Bashir did a good job diverting attention from his boss.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.