The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Oyo State chapter, has accused the the All Progressives Congress (APC) of being desperate to blackmail Governor Seyi Makinde and the ruling party. The PDP, in a statement by its Publicity Secretary, Akeem Olatunji, accused the APC of promoting rumors that PDP leaders had “dumped” Makinde. “We are greatly appalled at the desperation of the APC to publicise all manners of lies and falsehood against our government”, it read. “Let us assure the lie merchants in the APC that our party, the PDP stands firm with Governor Seyi Makinde, and the laudable achievements he has recorded in 100 days. “No member of the PDP is angry with the Governor and no one is expressing any such frustration as contained in the lies being marketed by the APC,” the statement said. The statement indicated that the PDP is solidly behind Governor Makinde on every step all the way, as he continues in his giant strides of laying the foundation for the accelerated development of Oyo State. The PDP Publicity Secretary added that the PDP is more than ever before united as a family. “We are impressed at the globally acclaimed good works of our Governor, the GSM. No one abandons a good product, not even the blind.” “Let us place on record that purveyors of such stories are either deluded, suffering from acute amnesia, or just trying to make a nuisance of themselves. “It is not only unfounded, frivolous and malicious but also a great lie that stands no reason. Governor Makinde is no longer about Oyo State, he is already a nationally acclaimed deliverer of good dividends of democracy and good governance. “When God begins a special project, only a fool will refuse to join the train. We as a party are more than ever before proud of our God-sent ‘Mr. Talk and Do Governor,’ who works more and talks less, and this willpower of Governor Makinde has rekindled our hope and faith in the actualisation of the Oyo project embarked upon by our governor. “We are 100 per cent satisfied with his every move and decision, because he treats every member of PDP as members of the family. “We, therefore, enjoin all members of the public to disregard in totality the distractive publications, falsehood and unbridled lies being peddled against the service-delivering Governor Makinde.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.