The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, has commended South African politician, Julius Malema and Chairman of Air Peace, Sir Allen Ifechukwu Onyema for their support to Nigerians during the hate crime in South Africa. The Speaker gave the commendation while delivering his welcome speech on Tuesday during plenary. Malema who is the leader of the Economic Freedom Fighter Party of South Africa has been vocal in condemning the Xenophobic attacks while some South African politicians are trying to misconstrue it as a protest against drug traffickers. The chairman of AirPeace also provided aeroplanes for Nigerians who want to escape the mayhem in the Southern African country. The speech in part, “I invite the House to at this time join me in commending the actions Julius Malema, leader of the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) and a respected voice in the politics of that nation who openly and without equivocation, condemned the attacks and directed his organisation to provide aid and protection to our citizens facing harm. He has since then, never relented in calling out the failures of the government that allowed the attacks to occur and to continue. “In a similar fashion, Sir Allen Ifechukwu Onyema, Chairman of Air Peace Airlines provided his organisation’s services without charge, to repatriate those Nigerians who were willing to return home to escape the carnage that had been visited upon them. He acted without consideration of cost, of tribe or personal interest. He acted in the best traditions of patriotism and love of country. Our country owes these men a debt of gratitude.” Gbajabiamila also commended President Muhammadu Buhari for his response to the attacks. ” The House commends the efforts of the Federal Government of Nigeria in addressing the issues that gave rise to these unsavoury events, as well as holding the government of South Africa accountable through the available diplomatic channels. We will continue to support these efforts by whatever means is required of us. We will also seek to take whatever active measures we can to help the returnees resettle in Nigeria and to resume productive lives here at home.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.