Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State has commended the affirmation of his re-election as governor of the state. DAILY POST had reported that the governorship election tribunal sitting in Kaduna State, on Monday struck out Isa Ashiru’s petition and declared Mallam Nasir El-Rufai of the All Progressive Congress, APC, as substantive governor of the state. Ashiru, the Peoples Democratic Party’s flag bearer in the election had stormed the elections tribunal headed by Justice Ibrahim Bako, challenging El-Rufai’s victory at the 9th March 2019 gubernatorial election. Justice Bako, while striking out the petition said it lacked substantial evidence.
Reacting, El-rufai in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media & Communication, Muyiwa Adekeye thanked the tribunal for its verdict. He also expressed his gratitude to the people of the state whose electoral choice had been reaffirmed. The governor, however, called on all residents of the state to join hands in progressive endeavours for peace and development. The statement added, “We welcome the verdict of the election tribunal. We thank the people who cast the votes that have just been reaffirmed and acknowledge the hard work of our legal team.
“The elections were conducted several months ago. We repeat the appeal we made back in March 2019 that all residents of Kaduna State, whatever their political preferences, should join hands for progressive undertakings for peace and development. Let us unite in constructive endeavours to uplift all our people. “As elected servants of the people, we would continue to work tirelessly to deliver progressive outcomes for all our people. In the second-term, we have swiftly constituted our State Executive Council and launched a programme of urban renewal, beginning from Kaduna metropolis. “We have adopted the new national minimum wage, commissioned Phase 2 of the Zaria Water Project and implemented a six-month maternity leave scheme in the Kaduna State public service. “There is no time to exult in victory. We must remain focused on addressing the challenges our state confronts. Let us do it together, uphold peace and promote development in Kaduna State.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.