The Oyo State Police Command, on Friday, said it has arrested a 20-year-old man, Gbolahan Ismail, for allegedly killing a 35-year-old Toyin Olubowale with a wooden stool after having sexual intercourse with her. Commissioner of Police, Shina Olukolu, while parading the suspect on Friday at the command headquarters, in Eleyele, Ibadan said that “On 29th August, 2019 about 1400hrs, one Gbolahan Ismaila ‘m’ age 20yrs boarded a commercial motorcycle ridden by one Joel Musa ‘m’ to No. 15 road 3 Ogidi Estate Ibadan. He alighted and entered the house of one Toyin Olubowale ‘f’, whom he sexually assaulted and subsequently smashed her head with a wooden stool which led to her death before he made away with her A32F itel Android cell phone.” Olukolu explained further that “when the commercial motorcyclist returned him to Oju-Irin, Akobo Area of Ibadan, he noticed a wound and blood stains on one of Gbolahan’s fingers on the right hand and he became suspicious due to unusual sound he heard from the house while he was outside. Hence, he went back to the house and met people crying over the death of the deceased. He thereafter informed the people that he knew the suspect who killed the deceased and that he brought him to the house earlier in the day. Hence, Joel Musa ‘m’ was promptly arrested and handed over to the police.” He noted that the arrest of the motorcycle rider led to the apprehension of the principal suspect, who carried out the dastardly act, adding that one Gbolahan Ismaila, on his interrogation confessed to the crime and two other suspects, one Oyedeji Blessing ‘m’ age 22yrs who received the stolen phone and one Oyekola Mumini ‘m’ a GSM repairer, who assisted to flash and destroy evidence on the phone were arrested and are being prepared “On 9th September, 2019 at about 1630hrs, a case of murder of one Toyin Olubowale ‘f’ aged 35yrs was reported at Akobo Divisional Police Headquarters, Akobo Ibadan, which was later transferred to the Criminal investigation Department, Iyaganku Ibadan for discreet investigation,” he said. Olukolu, however, called on all the good citizens of Oyo State to go about their lawful businesses without any fear of molestation from any quarters and to always make use of the two emergency control room numbers in case of any distress situation viz: 07055495413 and 08081768614. “I want to use this medium to assure the members of the public of our preparedness to protect life and property before, during and after this Yuletide period. I equally want to sternly warn criminals who feel Oyo State can be a safe haven to have a rethink and relocate out of the State as the long arms of the law will surely catch up with them. “Since there is also collaboration amongst the sisters’ security agencies in the state, therefore, no individual or groups should attempt to test our collective will as all criminally minded persons apprehended will be decisively dealt with. I also wish to state categorically that NURTW activities in Oyo State remained unrecognized and proscribed. Consequently, whoever disturbs the peace and security being enjoyed by the good people of Oyo State will be apprehended and made to face the wrath of the law,” he added. While Speaking with journalists, the suspected murderer, Gbolahan Ismail said that it was the work of devil that made him kill the woman, adding he had initially toasted the deceased, and the woman said that she will be thinking about the proposed love. “On that day, I went to her house, I had sex with her forcefully, and thereafter, I used a wooden stool to hit her on the head and she died. ” It was the work of devil, I don’t know what prompted me to kill her.” Another suspect arrested in connection with the murderer, Oyekola Mumini, a phone repairer, said that he had nothing to do with the killing of the woman, noting that he was arrested for wiping away details on the phone which was unknowing to him that it was a stolen phone. “When the phone of the deceased woman was brought to me, I was told that the document of the phone has been lost. ” I told him (Ismail) to fill a form before I can wipe the phone. Unknowingly to me, the phone was a stolen phone, I was later arrested as an accomplices of the crime, I didn’t know anything about it.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.