Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The UK Commercial Court has granted the Federal Government of Nigeria’s request for leave enabling the Government to appeal the Court’s recognition of the UK Arbitration Tribunal in the UK Court of Appeal. The UK Commercial Court also approved the government’s application for a “stay of execution”, which will prevent the Process and Industrial Development Ltd (P&ID), from enforcing the UK Arbitration Tribunal’s earlier judgment 2. The Process and Industrial Development Limited has said Nigeria will not be able to file an appeal in respect of the $9.6bn arbitral award until the Federal Government pays it a $250m cost awarded by a United Kingdom court. The firm said the $250m payment must be paid to it by Nigeria within 14 days. 3. The All Progressives Congress has accused the opposition Peoples Democratic Party of being behind the recent 2023 campaign posters of its National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole and National Leader, Bola Tinubu on major Nigerian cities. 4. Detained Convener of #RevolutionNow Protest, Omoyele Sowore, wants the Director-General of the State Security Service jailed. The activist has commenced the process of committal to prison of the DSS boss over alleged disobedience to an order of court. 5. The federal government has said that it will be unable to meet the demands of the workers’ union on the percentage for the consequential adjustment of the N30,000 new minimum wage due to dwindling economy. The government said it will appoint a new team to represent it in the committee negotiating the minimum wage consequential adjustment. 6. The All Progressives Congress has prayed the Supreme Court to expunge the expert reports and evidence filed by Atiku Abubakar, the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the last presidential election in his appeal records for lack of merit. The APC made the prayer in a cross appeal filed by its lead counsel, Prince Lateef Olasunkanmi Fagbemi, SAN, on Thursday. 7. President of South Africa, Cyril Ramaphosa, has told former President of Nigeria, Olusegun Obasanjo, that no Nigerian was killed in the latest xenophobic attacks in the country. Obasanjo met Ramaphosa and discussed the xenophobic attacks and other issues affecting the two countries. Spokesperson for Ramaphosa, Khusela Diko, said the two leaders also used the opportunity to reflect on recent events in Africa. 8. The House of Representatives has declared open, a public hearing of the House Ad hoc Committee constituted to investigate abandoned power projects and review Federal Government’s expenditure in the sector since 1999. The committee invited the Ministry of Power, ‎ the Nigerian Electricity Management Services Agency, the Bureau of Public Procurement, the TCN, the Nigeria Electricity Regulatory Commission, the Nigeria Electricity Liability Management Company Limited and others for interrogation. 9. Some senior lawyers have said that Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo could not elect to waive his immunity because it was not about him but about the office of the vice-president, which he occupies. The lawyers said the Vice-President lacks the constitutional power to waive his immunity. 10. The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) has said it recovered three ambulances and a 500KVA Transformer from Senator Buruji Kashamu’s office. The Commission said the items were part of 2016 Constituency Projects meant to be distributed to Ogun East Senatorial District. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.