Operatives of the Advance Fee Fraud Unit of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC Abuja, have arrested 25 students of the Ladoke Akintola University of Technology, LAUTECH, Ogbomosho, Oyo State, for alleged internet fraud. Other forms of cybercrime they were allegedly involved are romance scam, love scam, possession of forged documents, and obtaining money by false pretence. The anti-graft spokesman, Wilson Uwujaren disclosed this in a statement in Abuja. He further explained, “The students who are aged between 18 and 29 years old, were arrested at their off-campus hostels, following a three-day raid carried out between September 16 and 19, 2019. Operatives acted on intelligence report, which was investigated using sophisticated equipment. The raid also followed months of surveillance and monitoring of their activities. “They include: Pelumi Adigun, 18; Umaru Frederick, 21; Damilola Emmanuel, 22; Tomiwa Oyewole, 29; Adeleke Owolabi, 24; Oladosu Abdullahi, 23; Abdulmusaq Ismail, 25; Isajimi Joshua, 23; Olaniyan Tunde, 22, and Ebosele Francis, 28. “Others are: Oladejo Ibrahim, 26; Oluwadamilare Abimbola, 25; Orimoloye Joshua, 23; Alfred Samuel, 22; Bayewu Ishola, 23; Abiola Gbenga, 25; Alfred Daniel, 20; Agboola Solomon, 21; Arolewola Damilola, 25; Amoo Tunmise, 23; Akeem Taiwo, 25; Segun Ajibola, 25; Hassan Segun, 24; Onicha Joel, 23, and Tafa Bassit, 25. EFCC said it was Ismail who reportedly confessed to the crime that took the EFCC operatives round the hostels which culminated in the arrest of many of the culprits. Some of the suspects who jumped over the fence to escape arrest were also nabbed in the process. Some recovered items believed to be the proceeds of crime are a 4matic Benz, a Toyota Camry, a Toyota Corolla, two Macbook computers, two iPads, two iPhones and many other documents which EFCC said would be subjected to forensic analysis. Uwujaren affirmed that the suspected internet fraudsters currently in the custody of the EFCC would soon be arraigned before a court of competent jurisdiction. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.