The Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP) in Bauchi State has revealed why ex-Governor Mohammed Abubakar of the All Progressives Congress, APC, lost his reelection bid during the March 8, governorship election. The party’s chairman in the state, Hamza Koshe Akuyam, spoke during a media chat organised by the state governor, Bala Mohammed, on Sunday in Bauchi. Akuyam noted that former governor Mohammed Abubakar was the first governor to lose election after serving just a tenure in the history of Bauchi State. ‎ He said apart from the non performance of the immediate past governor, which led to his downfall, he was also not an indigene of the state. The PDP chairman said further that the non imposition of a candidate allowed delegates to choose freely among the aspirants contesting for the party’s ticket in the state. He stated that the free and fair primaries conducted by the party led to the emergence of governor Bala Mohammed as its flag bearer who later went on to defeat the incumbent governor Abubakar. According to Akuyam, the ability of the PDP to select a credible candidate was also a factor that led to the defeat of the All Progressives Congress (APC) led administration in the 2019 gubernatorial election in the state. “Now, the people of Bauchi know that there is a difference between a tenant and the landlord. A tenant does not repair the house he is renting. “The former Governor was a tenant, so, he could not work for the progress of Bauchi because he was a tenant, so we brought in the son of the soil and drove him out so that the people of Bauchi will have relief,” he said. Speaking on the emergence of Governor Mohammed as the party flag bearer, he said “The first thing we did was, we allowed delegates to freely choose among the contestants, the PDP did not impose any candidate on the people, so the people were able to ‎select Bala Mohammed to be the candidate of the party going by his charisma and vast experience in politics.” Akuyam said further that, the determination of Bala Mohammed to winning the election,made it easy to vote out the former governor whom he described as been ‘clueless’. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.