Africa’s pioneer Lifestyle Medicine centre, Brookfield Centre for Lifestyle Medicine (BCLM) on Saturday, hosted a gathering of over 250 Lifestyle Medicine enthusiasts and practitioners in Abuja. The event was filled with representatives of various healthcare establishments, members and executives of medical institutions, artists and art lovers.  The Lifestyle Fusion Fair is BCLM’s flagship annual event aimed at connecting key players of healthy lifestyle practices to showcase a range of products and services, and promote health and wellness through evidence-based Lifestyle practices. As a proven aspect of health and wellbeing, the event incorporated an Art and Wellbeing Exhibition to treat the eyes and minds of participants to creative works centred around the core themes of health and wellness.  The event kicked off with an 8-kilometre doctor-led walk in collaboration with Walk with a Doc, an international non-profit initiative aimed at improving health through physical activity, strengthening relationships between physicians and patients, and increasing health awareness. This was immediately followed by an exciting Dance Aerobics Festival led by VinFocus BodyFit which lasted for the next two hours. The festival actively engaged about 30 participants who didn’t want the activity to stop.  “It has been non-stop fun since we arrived the centre at about 10:00 AM. The instructors have drilled us continuously for the past 2 hours! It’s
been an exciting experience, I haven’t worked out this much in a long time!” said one participant, smiling ear to ear and panting heavily.
Emerging health and wellness brands such as Gramott Wellness, Jaytees Wellbeing and Lifestyle, Nacy’s, Bluebill Ideal Services and
many others were all vendors at the fair, selling products ranging from healthy and natural edibles to exercise and fitness gear. Free health checks were also provided to participants by BCLM throughout the activity. A key highlight of the event was a live demonstration by Bold
and Beautiful Salon and Spa on natural (non-synthetic) hair care and the benefits of massages and spa treatment.   The kids were certainly not left out of all the excitement as the bouncy castle and Kids’ Corner run by Dr Jane, a volunteer for the event kept them thrilled throughout the fair.  The event doubled as the anniversary celebration for Brookfield Centre for Lifestyle Medicine as August 2019 marked the centre’s 5th year since
inception. Guests and participants gathered round to cut the anniversary cake and celebrate with the centre.   “Brookfield Centre for Lifestyle Medicine has been a journey of grace. We started off with humble beginnings barely 5 years ago and have
worked tirelessly to grow this dream to where we are today. We can only be thankful. We believe that the reward for hard work is more work, as
such, we will not relent, rather we will strive to achieve many more successful years of Lifestyle Medicine excellence.” said Dr Ify Monye,
Founder of BCLM and Founding President of the Society of Lifestyle Medicine of Nigeria (SOLONg) before cutting the cake at the
exclamation of “Brookfield Grace!”  In an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) at the event, Dr Monye further advised the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) to
adopt Lifestyle Medicine as the foremost approach to leverage in addressing healthcare issues, adding that Lifestyle Medicine will
ultimately boost national healthcare.  The event culminated in a sold-out auction of some of the best artworks exhibited throughout the fair. Some of the artists that participated in the
auction include Akan David Arts (Saneddy & KannyD Galleries), The Custodian by Oladipupo K Ogunnoiki, Umi-Amara, Caroline 1942
Gallery, Adekola Emmanuel, Art by Editi and Dr Keshi.  Brookfield Centre for Lifestyle Medicine is a leading provider of integrated health care to local and international families. The centre is a
multidisciplinary, all-inclusive medical and wellness organization established to promote optimal health and wellbeing through
appropriate, evidenced-based and well-timed lifestyle interventions. This is particularly important with the rising trend of non-communicable
diseases and resultant deaths from them worldwide.    Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.