The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) has condemned in strong terms the tragic killing of an abducted member of the Action Against Hunger team, a Non-Governmental Organisation in Borno. DAILY POST had reported that a viral video on Wednesday showed three members of the dreaded organization executing two Christians while threatening to kill many others. According to them, Christians had done terrible things to Muslims by killing their women and children and eating their flesh. They vowed to revenge. Reacting, the Head of the committee in Nigeria, Eloi Fillion, in a statement to NAN through Aliyu Dawobe, Public Relations Officer, ICRC, in Abuja, on Wednesday, appealed to the abductors of six members of the organisation to immediately release the remaining members of the team.
NAN reports that six members of the organisation that delivers neutral, impartial and independent humanitarian aid to millions of people in Borno and Yobe were abducted on their way to Damasak in Borno. “We are devastated by this tragic outcome. Our thoughts are with the families, friends, and colleagues of Action Against Hunger at this incredibly difficult time.
“We urge those still holding the members of the humanitarian mission who were kidnapped in July to release them, they are not part of the fight.
“They are humanitarian workers and health professionals, nothing can justify doing any harm to them,” Fillion said.
Fillion added that under the International Humanitarian Law (IHL), all parties to an armed conflict must spare people not taking part in the hostilities.
He stressed that violence against health workers of humanitarian actors further jeopardises access to much needed assistance for people affected by the armed conflict.
He stated that the killing of two health workers in 2018 who had been abducted in Rann community in the North East, profoundly affected ICRC operations in Nigeria.
Fillion said nevertheless, the ICRC had continued to do its utmost to address the huge humanitarian needs of the affected population. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.