The family of James Adesoji Adediran, a slain final year student of Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH), Ogbomoso, who was reported to have hanged himself two years ago have called the Nigerian Police to provide the result of their findings of his death. DAILY POST gathered on Tuesday that Adediran, allegedly committed suicide in his hostel room on March 18th 2017. But, the father of the deceased, Pastor Anthony Jaiyeade Adediran, while speaking with journalists in Ibadan the Oyo state capital, said that the family is still in darkness over the death of their son. The deceased, DAILY POST gathered was until his death, a student in the department of Urban and Regional Planning. According to Mr. Adediran, the police have not been able to come out with anything substantial on the matter despite all the promises and this have left the whole family to live in fear. He explained that the matter which the police said they have been investigating had not yielded any positive result as no one have been arrested nor invited for questioning by the police. The deceased father while speaking further, urged the relevant authorities to intervene so that the murder of his son would not be like the case of other high profile killings in the country, such as that of late Pa Alfred Rewane, Chief Bola Ige, Dele Giwa, Marshal Harry, Funsho Williams Dipo Dina among others, which had been on for years now without any conclusive investigation or notable prosecution. When contacted, Public Relations Officer of the state police command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi, said that the police was still working to unravel the mystery behind the death of the deceased. Fadeyi in a telephone conversation with DAILY POST on Tuesday urged the family to supply necessary information to the police instead of politicizing the matter. He said, “I don’t know why they are repeating this. The police is still working in the matter. If we are able to unravel the mystery, it is a plus to the police. Somebody raised the issue the last time. “The CP was not here when the incident occurred, I was not here then, but we are still working on it. Even the family has started to politicize the matter. If they have any information, they should substantiate it. They should give the police the necessary information. But we are still working on it. “I can tell you that within the purview of our mandate, we will work on it. I implore the family to exercise patience. And if they know anyone, they should tell us, they should be ready to give us the information and they are assured that their identity will not be revealed. “They should nor hesitate to give us the information, they should give the CID the necessary information to act on.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.