Former Abia State Governor and the Chief Whip of the Nigerian Senate, Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu, has described the victory of President Muhammadu Buhari as good for Nigeria’s democracy. He noted that the verdict of the tribunal is a re-affirmation of the popularity of the President among the people, adding that the 2019 presidential election, provided another opportunity for Nigerians to compensate President Buhari for his good works. President Buhari’s victory in the 2019 presidential election was upheld by a Presidential Election Petition Tribunal sitting in Abuja, after it dismissed the petition filed by Alhaji Atiku Abubakar and the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). The court ruled that Buhari was duly elected as president of the Federal Republic of Nigeria during the presidential election held on 23rd February, 2019. DAILY POST reported that The tribunal ruled that electronic transfer of results, which was the crux of the opposition’s petition did not take place at any level. Acknowledging the role of the judiciary in sustaining Nigeria’s growing democracy, Kalu, advised politicians to embrace the spirit of sportsmanship in their pursuits for the sake of nation building. While commending the panel for the landmark judgement, the Senator expressed appreciation to Nigerians for their firm confidence in President Buhari and his team. In a statement personally signed by Kalu and forwarded to DAILY POST on Wednesday night, stressed that the re-affirmation of President Buhari’s victory is a testament to the unprecedented achievements of the current administration. He said, “I join other Nigerians in celebrating the verdict of the tribunal.
“President Buhari’s pedigree and goodwill will always speak for him. The President as a strong advocate of democracy, provided a level playing ground for candidates across political parties in the 2019 general election. “President Buhari’s leadership style is highly commendable. With the judgement of the tribunal, the opposition and other stakeholders should join hands with the President in his determined efforts to reposition Nigeria. The Senator, who applauded the level of maturity displayed by President Buhari before, during and after the poll, charged the political class to embrace the tenets of democracy in their endeavours, noting that the unity of Nigeria remains non- negotiable. Kalu urged Nigerians to be calm, steadfast and law-abiding as people oriented policies were being carried out by the Buhari led administration, which is aimed to transform the nation’s economy.
Presidential Tribunal: Buhari’s victory in court upheld the will of Nigerians over corruption – NCC Similarly, the National Coalition for Change (NCC) has reacted to the verdict of the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal, which upheld the victory of President Muhammadu Buhari in the February 23 presidential election. Reacting to the development, NCC said the judgement upheld the will of Nigerians over corruption Jeremiah Giwa, Secretary-General of the group in a statement on Wednesday urged President Buhari to see the verdict of the Tribunal as the final impetus for him to roll out the final phase of his reforms for Nigeria since the coast is not clear. The statement also urged the PDP and its candidate to pursue their rights in a manner that does not threaten the peace. The statement reads. The National Coalition for Change (NCC) is pleased with the ruling of the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal sitting in Abuja has dismissed the petition the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) and its presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, challenging the re-election of President Muhammadu Buhari on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Not only is the Tribunal’s verdict a victory for democracy, it has gone the extra mile to prove that propaganda, even when deployed by corrupt moneybags, is no match for the will of the people and the rule of law. The Tribunal has expressed the will of Nigerians. The Tribunal has set Nigeria on the path of peace and restoration by failing to legitimize the culture of lies, violence and manipulation upon which the Atiku/PDP challenge was based; they had even vehemently attempted to blackmail the courts into doing their bidding in order to coerce from the Tribunal the victory they could not intimidate the Nigerian electorates to give them at the polls. NCC commends the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal for not succumbing to Atiku’s blackmail, particularly in the petitions he filed on the use of card readers and the phantom server that the PDP supposedly found in the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The fraudulent claims in these petitions were intended to make mockery of the bench by through the expectation that judges are not technologically enlightened enough to know when they are being lied to. The judges on the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal are true heroes of democracy and NCC will so recognize and honour them at the appropriate time. They have proven that there can still be found within Nigeria upright men that cannot be swayed by ethno-religious sentiments and bribes. We urge President Buhari to see the verdict of the Tribunal as the final impetus for him to roll out the final phase of his reforms for Nigeria now that the obstacle of the PDP/Atiku judicial challenge has been removed from his path. He must particularly ramp up the war on corruption without fear of a backlash because no one can at this point claim to be hounded because he or she is a member of the opposition. The anti-terrorism war must also extend to those that had hidden under the cover of opposition to finance terrorists. Without prejudice to Atiku and PDP’s rights to seek a review of the ruling at the Supreme Court, we advise them to pursue their rights in a manner that does not threaten the peace. Even the mentally incapacitated knows that it is time for Atiku to stop implementing his Dubai Strategy that has failed from one phase to the other. Prior to the Tribunal’s verdict, the impressive reduction in the intensity of crimes before and after the election is well documented; we shall therefore hold Atiku and the PDP responsible for any upsurge in terrorist attacks, banditry, kidnapping, ethno-religious strife and other spikes in crime in the aftermath of the ruling. We congratulate Nigerians on being saved from the desperadoes that had attempted to exploit the judiciary as a tool to overthrow the government they had overwhelmingly entrusted with the mandate to administer the country. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.