Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), on Friday said that the plan to increase Value Added Tax (VAT) from five per cent to 7.5 per cent is in the right direction to raise the country’s revenue. CBN Governor, Godwin Emefiele said that the government had the responsibility to fend for every citizenry by providing basic infrastructure like roads, electricity and hospitals among others. He explained that the government had only two ways to fund such projects, which are by raising revenue and through loan collection. According to him, the present government has been criticised by some people for high rate of debt incurred. 2. The Governorship Election Petition Tribunal in Taraba State on Saturday dismissed the petition by Abubakar Danladi of the All Progressives Congress (APC) challenging the re-election of Governor Darius Ishaku of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the last governorship election in the State. In a unanimous decision, the court held that the petitioners failed to prove their claims that the election was marred by irregularities and substantial non-compliance with the Electoral Act. 3. Governors elected on the platform of All Progressives Congress (APC) under the aegis of the Progressive Governors Forum yesterday revealed plans to adopt a common governance initiative across all APC states. The governors said they want to create a distinct identity for the party that will separate it from other political parties in the country. The governors set a PGF Governance Programme Steering Committee headed by the Governors of Jigawa and Plateau states, tasked with the responsibility of looking at how they govern their states. 4. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Friday apologised to bank customers for the inconveniences the newly introduced cashless policy will cause. Godwin Emefiele, the Governor of Central Bank, made the apology at the end of the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) meeting in Abuja. He said he sympathized and regret inconvenience cashless policy will cause bank customers. 5. Rivers-based serial killer, Gracious David-West yesterday said he single-handedly carried out the heinous crime killing a total of 7 victims; 5 in Rivers state, 1 in Lagos and another in Owerri. He however denied being sponsored by any person. He pleaded for mercy, saying that he was been controlled by evil spirit. 6. The Delta State election petition tribunal sitting in Asaba, the Delta State capital on Friday upheld the reelection of Sen. (Dr.) Arthur Ifeanyi Okowa just as it dismissed Chief Great Ovedje Ogboru and the All Progressives Congress, APC’s petition for lacking in merit. The election tribunal headed by Suleiman Belgore handed down the judgment on Friday in Asaba. The Governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Chief Great Ovedje Ogboru had approached the election tribunal, challenging the Governorship election of March 9 which saw Sen. (Dr.) Arthur Ifeanyi Okowa emerging as Governor. 7. Atiku Abubakar, 2019 presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Friday spoke for the first time since after President Muhammadu Buhari’s victory at the Presidential Election Tribunal earlier this month. Reacting, Atiku in a statement, Atiku urged Nigerians to continue their support for constitutional order via the courts. He also thanked the governors elected on the platform of PDP. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday reacted to reports of the UN rapporteur on violence in Nigeria. He said while the presidency agree that the violence in Nigeria, or in any country, is a major concern and that there is a rippling effect, it was disappointed that the rapporteur was silent on intra-group violence. He pointed out that in Benue, Taraba, Cross River States and many parts of the country, most of the casualties result from intra-group, inter-group and community violence. Many of the displaced persons across the nation are also victims of these conflicts. Buhari said the UN representative needs to be truthful and even-handed in her assignment. 9. The three-man panel of the Governorship Election Petition Tribunal sitting in Umuahia, the Abia State capital, and chaired by Justice A.L. Ogumoye, on Friday dismissed the petition filed by 2019 APGA gubernatorial candidate, Dr. Alex Otti against the declaration of Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu. The tribunal ruled that the petitioner failed to prove the case of over-voting, non-compliance to the INEC election guideline and electoral act. Alex Otti had asked the tribunal to cancel fifteen out of the seventeen local government areas’ election results in Abia State. Otti claimed that the respondents, PDP, and Governor Okezie Ikpeazu who was the governorship candidate of PDP perpetrated excessive malpractice in those LGAs in the last March 9, 2019, election conducted in the state. 10. A chieftain of the Yoruba apex socio-cultural organization, Afenifere, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, has noted that constitutional crisis in Nigeria and the imbalance in the polity are the main cause of agitation for a break-up by different groups in the country. The lawyer and elder statesman said that it would be better if the country breaks up since the leaders refuse to restructure it. He said he has no objection to breaking up, adding that people are talking of breaking up because the term of coming together has been abrogated by the northern Muslims who are dominating the country. According to him, this is why the young elements, extremists in the South- East, South – South, South –West and the Middle Belt are yearning for break-up. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.