A suspected murderer and land grabber, Kamorudeen Lamina, also known as “Sir K Oluwo”, was accused of killing three persons over disputed land in Sagamu area of Ogun State in March 2019 and has since been remanded. However, the absence of the trial judge at the Ogun State Magistrate Court 1, sitting in Sagamu Judicial Division, on Wednesday, stalled the hearing of his case, causing him to be returned to prison. The trial judge, B.J. Ojikutu, had on August 22, 2019, when the matter came up for hearing, fixed September 11 for the commencement of trial, as he ordered that Lamina be remanded at the Sagamu prison. However, the on-going judicial vacation prevented the trial judge from appearing in court to hear the case, which date had earlier been fixed prior to the commencement of the vacation. Lamina, it was gathered, is standing trial on a four-count charge, bordering on murder and armed robbery in suit number MSH/82C/2011, preferred against him by the state’s Directorate of Public Prosecution (DPP). Lamina, along with others who are still at large, was accused of hacking the trio of Akeem Adegbaru, Fatai Adeleye and Adebiyi Adelakun, to death, DAILY POST learnt. The accused allegedly committed the crime in Ologbon Odukosi village in the Sagamu Magisterial district around March 9, 2011, contrary to Section 316 and punishable under Section 319 of the Criminal Laws of Ogun State. Lamina was also accused along with his accomplices still at large, as having robbed one Madam Saka Gbemisola, Kareem Bello and many others of the sum of N180, 000, an electronic Theodolite valued at N30, 000, wristwatches, headphones, clothes among others, while they were armed with guns, axes, cutlasses, and knives. Meanwhile, Lamina, who was brought to court in the early hours of Wednesday, was hurriedly whisked away from the court premises when it became obvious that the court was not going to sit. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.