The landlord of No 110 White House Street (Dan Archibong) in Calabar South local government area of Cross River, Ndabo Emmanuel Okon Edet, has ejected government workers of the Primary Health Care Centre from his apartment. Ndabo Edet told DAILY POST on Wednesday that the government health workers stayed in his parlour since 2011 when they were driven out from No 2 Atu Street, Calabar. “The place they were staying was my parlour and I do receive my guests and visitors there, it was a small place. When their former landlord
at No 2 Atu sacked them and there was no place for them to go, I asked them to come and stay and they have overstayed. “They were asked to relocate to Anathiga but I said, if they had relocated to Anathiga, they are definitely going to be out of this ward and I offered them my parlour since 2011. I have kept them for so long but they have been given a bigger place because, here there was no place for delivery.” Confirming the ejection while briefing the Paramount Ruler of Calabar South local government area of Cross River State, Prof. Itam Hogan Itam, Nyam Nnankor 1, the Muri and Ndabo and other traditional rulers during the introduction of Meningitis vaccination, the Health Officer in charge Calabar South local government, Mrs Eme Archibong regretted the situation. “In ward nine, we were driven away at 110 White House Street, by the Land Lord, we went to Iron Bar Memorial Primary School, where we were given our new place, a two class room block,” she said. The Health Officer lamented that most of the health facilities in the local government area are located in churches and schools’ veranda which are not good for mothers who want to deliver babies. “Ward seven has no health facility, even though the health workers are squatting at the veranda of a school, the entire Calabar South has 30 health facilities and out of these, only seven have building, others are in Churches and schools, in which health workers squat to give health services, we cannot assess the basic health care fund from this. In a chart with our correspondent, the Secretary of the Clan Head, Ndabo Emmanuel Duke said he facilitated the relocation of the health workers to Ironbar Memorial Primary School, Atu Street. “When I heard that the health workers were ejected, I and others including the officer in charge of the health services in the local government met some key officials of the school, Ironbar Memorial Primary School who offered us the place,” he stated. The Paramount Ruler in his response, promised to look into the issues of inadequate accommodation of the health workers. “We shall do our best to ensure that health workers have adequate accommodation in Calabar South local government, we shall meet relevant government agencies to see what we can do,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.