The Management of the Federal University, Oye-Ekiti, FUOYE has shut down its institution following a protest by the students against epileptic power supply by BEDC that led to the alleged attack on the convoy of Governor Kayode Fayemi’s wife, Bisi. The students blocked the Abuja-Ado and Ijan -Ikole highways from early Tuesday till 2pm before they were dispersed. DAILY POST reports that some hoodlums allegedly hijacked the protest by students of FUOYE and allegedly attacked the convoy of the First Lady of the state, Mrs Fayemi. The Nations learnt that three students and some policemen were said to have been injured and their rifles seized during the fracas. The Vice-Chancellor, Prof Kayode Soremekun, who condemned the protest in a statement, announced the school’s closure and proscription of the Student’s Union till further notice. The statement reads: “We hereby condemn the violence that has followed the protest by the students of FUOYE to register their pleasure on the epileptic power supply from BEDC to the communities of Oye and Ikole. “Our findings revealed that the students gathered themselves and blocked the Abuja-Ado,and Ijan -Ikole High ways from the early hours of today, September 10, 2019, till about 2 pm. “Thereafter, after much persuasions by the University‘s internal security personnel and the federal security agencies, they dispersed. “Only for the news to get to the university authority thereafter that the students assaulted the convoy of Her Excellency, the wife of the Governor of Ekiti State, Erelu Bisi Fayemi and vandalized some vehicles in the convoy. “Sensing that her Excellency was under attack in view of the continued aggression of the students, the security personnel attached to her convoy had to repel the attack and some students were injured in the process. “Similarly, some Policemen also sustained injuries and their rifles were also seized. “As at this evening, three students were injured with two of them having minor injuries and one having a severe abdominal injury and is currently hospitalized at The Ido Federal Medical Centre. “In view of the foregoing, management at an emergency meeting discussed and reviewed the unruly behaviour of the students. “Such behaviour which included the destruction of vehicles and burning of a police van as well as threat to lives has compelled the University management to take the following decisions: ”The University is hereby shut down with immediate effect. ”Students are, therefore, ordered to vacate the university premises on or before, Wednesday, Sept 11, 2019.” The students Union is hereby proscribed. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.