An American based business consultant and philanthropist, Dr Felix Ugwu has called on Enugu people to support the state government’s security trust fund. Ugwu said security remained everybody’s business and should not be left for the government alone. He also commended Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi for being proactive on matters of security of life and property, among other issues affecting the welfare of residents and citizens of the state. Ugwu while briefing the press in Enugu weekend, said that Governor Ugwuanyi was matching words with action which revealed his outstanding leadership qualities. The philanthropist expressed happiness on the way the governor was tackling security, by being the first state in Nigeria to constitute and implement forest guard security outfit through the recruitment of 1700 forest guards in Enugu state. “Infact, the Governor has shown that the responsibility vested in him as the chief security officer, is a task that must be done since the primary business of any government is the security and welfare of the citizens. “There’s no gain saying that the votes cast for Ugwuanyi were votes cast for the advancement of good governance; to re-enact his performance during his first tenure. “I thank the Most High God for the humane disposition of Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi which has been brought bare in his general approach to governance; it is simply commendable. “I clap for Ugwuanyi led government for the purchase of 100 Made in Nigeria pick-up trucks and 260 Toyota Sienna vehicles for security agencies, neighborhood watch and forest guards in the state,” he said. The American based Management consultant, who saluted the government for patronizing an indigenous vehicle manufacturing firm, Innoson Motors, for the purchase of security vehicles, which he said remained a great support for the local economy, noted that the spiral effect of that singular act on the state’s economy cannot be overemphasized. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.