The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Bauchi State has declared that Governor Bala Mohammed administration has nothing to show for his 100 days in office. According to a statement signed by the state Publicity Secretary, Adamu Aliyu Jallah and made available to newsmen in Bauchi, the party said that the 9th March, 2019 Gubernatorial Election was mischievously declared as inconclusive by the INEC umpire to suspiciously favour the PDP, adding that the party is now facing a tough task of convincing the electorates through service delivery that it truly won the election. The statement alleged that the only people who can boast of benefitting from the government of Bala Mohammed are members of his family who are the main contractors handling fuel supplies and occupying strategic political offices in his administration. The APC urged the governor to resign if he could not live up to his campaign promises, saying that he lacked focus, seriousness and the zeal to perform, adding that sampled opinions across political and religious divides in the state shows that those who voted the PDP are regretting and are in search of the return of a viable leader who can move the state forward. ”Since his inauguration on May 29, 2019, the governor has demonstrated a lack of focus, seriousness, and zeal to perform. He believes in dishing rhetorical statements and fanning egocentrism rather than performance. “Although, of recent, in desperation to cajole people and reduce them to a laughing stock, he hurriedly embarked on groundbreaking ceremonies of road construction while going to donor agencies for support and claims the state has the resources to keep them floating.” “Sincerely, we cannot score Governor Bala Mohammed more than 20 per cent. This implies that his 100 days in office has been nothing but a waste. The only people who are satisfied with his performance are the PDP and their leaders,” the statement read. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.