Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Nigerians and other nationals in South Africa were on Sunday asked to leave immediately. Residents of hostels in eastern Johannesburg marched along Jules Street in the area, demanding that foreigners must go back to where they came from. 2. The South African Acting High Commissioner to Nigeria, Amb. Bobby Moroe, at the weekend confirmed there was no damage or bombing of any of the country’s mission property in Nigeria. Moroe said that both South African missions located in Abuja and Lagos were intact. This was sequel to reports being circulated on social media of a bomb explosion at the High Commission in Abuja. 3. The South African Acting High Commissioner to Nigeria, Amb. Bobby Moroe, on Sunday said his country will not cut bilateral ties with Nigeria. He said his country remained committed to strengthening bilateral ties with Nigeria. 4. Senator Adeseye Ogunlewe, a former chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, who represented Lagos-East Senatorial District, at the weekend said that it is turn of the Southwest geo-political zone to produce the next President come 2023. The former lawmaker, who is now a stalwart of the All Progressives Congress, APC, was reacting to the belief in some quarters that the North should retain power beyond 2023. 5. The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, at the weekend said the rift between him and Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State was neither about money nor appointments. Oshiomhole said the contention was all about issues relating to governance and carrying political players and leaders in the party along. According to him, Obaseki has confirmed that he (Oshiomhole) nominated only one out of over 20 commissioners into his cabinet. 6. The Nigerian Mission in South Africa on Sunday revealed that no fewer than 400 Nigerians have indicated interest and registered to be evacuated from South Africa following the recent xenophobic attacks. Nigeria’s Consul General in Johannesburg, Godwin Adama, said that Air Peace had offered to airlift those willing to return home sequel to the attacks on Nigerians and their businesses by South Africans. 7. Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, was at the weekend dragged before the International Criminal Court, ICC, in the Hague. A criminal complaint was lodged against Kanu at the ICC by one Thomas Carroll of GAYLORD POPP, LLC, acting on behalf of the Incorporated Trustees of Make Nigeria Better Initiative, MNBI. In the complaint, the ICC was also asked to order his arrest and prosecution. 8. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Sunday charged President Muhammadu Buhari to save the judiciary and the nation further troubles by immediately throwing in the towel and vacating the presidential seat. PDP gave the call while responding to remark by Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed that Buhari does not possess a WAEC certificate, contrary to his claims and disposition before the law. The party berated the Buhari Presidency for believing that in pushing the video into the public space, it could influence the mind of the tribunal to bend the law after solid evidence have been presented before it against President Buhari. 9. Dino Melaye, Senator representing Kogi West has dismissed reports suggesting that he is the father of ex-BBNaija housemate, Tboss’s child. He described the claim in some quarters as ‘lies’, adding that he never dated Tboss. 10. Delta-born Big Brother Naija housemate, Venita was on Sunday evicted from the reality television show. She was the fifteenth housemate to be evicted from the Pepper Dem edition of BigBrotherNaija 2019. There are now 11 housemates battling for the grand prize of N60m. Venita got the least votes from lovers of the show. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.