The former Governor of Benue State and Senator representing Benue North East Senatorial District, Gabriel Suswam might defect to the ruling All Progressives Congress in no distant time. Sources close to the lawmaker indicated over the weekend that he has opened up talks with some highly powerful northern politicians and oligarchs preparatory to 2023 general election, saying he would be interested in joining the ruling All Progressives Congress leadership. An Aide who spoke with DAILY POST under anonymity stressed that the lawmaker who was appointed Senate Committee Chairman on Power in the ninth Senate would be comfortable being a member of the ruling All Progressives Congress, adding that Suswam has, “choice of joining any political party he wants.” According to him, “President Muhammadu Buhari’s expiration of tenure in 2023 would leave opportunity for building of political blocks which any politician of Suswam’s standing would like to belong.” The former Governor who won his case at the Benue State Election Petition Tribunal against the APC’s Mimi Adzape Orubibi reportedly told his political associates who paid him a congratulatory visit at the weekend in Makurdi that he would overcome all court cases instituted against him. “Don’t be jittery. I am on top as far as all court cases are concerned. ” “Cases already decided for and against the PDP in Benue which have gone to Appeal Court panels would be upturned”, the source added.
The source said, Suswam at the meeting with visitors promised to deepen contacts with the Presidency and Senate leadership to see how the APC headship would be restructured in Benue State preparatory for 2023. Suswam was said to be optimistic of enjoying the support of the National leadership of the APC, stressing that the Benue State leadership of the party is weak under its current leaders.
Effort to speak with the former governor directly to confirm his decision, however, failed. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.