A middle aged man whose identity is still unknown has been washed away on Tuesday in Oluyole area of Ibadan South West Local government Area of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. DAILY POST reports that the incident occurred Thursday evening, following a torrential downpour in the city. The missing person was said to have been washed away by the flood when he attempted to cross a submerged bridge at the Sumal area of Oluyole Industrial extension after rain of about six hours. As at Thursday, people were seen around the area still searching for the victim, but the water level was still on the high side, yet to subside. According eyewitness account, efforts of rescuer were undermined by the heavy down pour, as sympathisers were prevented from searching for the victim due to the rising level of water. Our correspondent reports that many areas of the city were flooded, while scores of people were said to have been trapped when bridges and culverts were rendered impassable by the surging flood. Alot of roads, bridges, and culverts were damaged, while some people lost their personal belongings. Other areas that were affected by the flood are Alaro, Zartech, Oluyole extension Idi-Ayunre in Oluyole local government area, Olodo im Egbeda local government area, New Garagge, parts of Gbekuba area, Apata, and Omi Adio, all in Ido Local Government Area of the state. At Alaro, Zartech area of Oluyole extension, the only bridge that links the people to the city was completely submerged by water, while many residents were prevented from gaining access to their homes . However, Oyo state government has sympathised with the victims of the flood and promised to do everything possible to mitigate such occurrence in the future. Commissioner for Environment and Water Resources, Kehinde Ayoola who spoke with journalists on Thursday on the flood disaster admitted that there were damages to bridges, culverts and roads by the flashes of flood on Wednesday, but said he was yet to receive report of the missing person. “The area you just mentioned, the Alaro area, Oluyole extension area, yes, there were flashes of flood there and it also happened at Joyce B at Olodo area of Egbeda, and at an area called Jenriyin, Kute community, in Lagelu Local Government Area. So, we have been there to make an on the spot assessment , and we have taken note of what to be done to the hydrological infrastructures there in those places . “For example, culverts, bridges and water channels , we have taken note of what the government can do . And we have also appealed to our people that they should stop dropping refuse in water ways , we have also appealed to them not to wade through water floods and they should always evacuate anywhere when there is heavy rain and flood. The government is on top of the situation . “There are damages to bridges , culverts and roads , fine, yes that is true, and water entered people’s homes , we sympathise with such people and we are doing everything humanly possible to ensure this doesn’t occur again.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.