Nigerian sensational singer, Burna Boy, has revealed that he experienced xenophobic attack during his last visit to South Africa. Burna, who was speaking on the killings of Nigerians in South Africa, said he experienced xenophobic attacks in 2017 and decided never to visit the country till the government resolves the situation and unites Africa. In a series of tweets on his Twitter page, Burna called out South African rapper, AKA over his recent comments on the attacks even as he warned MI Abaga over his allegiance to AKA. He further warned Nigerians in South Africa to protect and defend themselves with all they have. Burna Boy wrote: “Ok. I have been away from social media personally until today. Ordinarily at a time like this, I should come here and say something to try and calm the situation because my dream has always been to Unite AFRICA and make us realise that together we will Literally rule the world. “Today, after watching the killing of my people in South Africa the same way we have all watched it happen a few times in the past! I personally have had my own xenophobic experiences in the hands of South Africans and because of that I have not set foot in SA since 2017. And I will NOT EVER go to South Africa again for any reason until the SOUTH AFRICAN government wakes the f*ck up and really performs a miracle because I don’t know how they can even possibly fix this. “This goes against everything I stand for, but at what point do we take action? I understand that years of oppression has confused South Africans to the point where they see the people who came to their defence during their oppression as their enemies and then worship their oppressors “And @MI_Abaga it’s F*ck @akaworldwide from now on. And if you down with him, it’s F*ck you too. I respect you too much, please don’t throw my respect out the window because I swear you will fly out with it. “Lemme also say that there are some South Africans who are Amazing, Progressive AFRICAN people and I will forever love them like I love myself. But they are not many at all. “And to my Brothers and sisters I am not encouraging any violence or anything but please protect and defend yourselves at all times, it may not seem like it but there’s always a way. Management will now take back control of Burna Boy’s Social media. God bless AFRICA.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.