The Minister of State for Mines and Steel Development, Dr. Uchechukwu Sampson Ogah has reacted to the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal which reaffirmed President Muhammadu Buhari’s victory in the last 2019 Nigeria presidential poll. DAILY POST reported earlier that the Justice Mohammed Garba-led tribunal dismissed Atiku and PDP petition in its entirety. The court ruled that Buhari was duly elected as President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria during the presidential election held on 23rd February 2019. The tribunal ruled that electronic transfer of results which was the crux of the opposition’s petition did not take place at any level. But, while reacting in a press release personally signed by him and issued to newsmen by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Imo Great Jonathan, Thursday morning, the Minister congratulated President Muhammadu Buhari on his victory at the presidential election petition tribunal. The Minister, who was the governorship candidate of the APC in the last 2019 general elections in Abia State, described the party’s (APC) victory as an affirmation of the people’s preference for President Buhari as their president. The statement reads, “I join all men and women of goodwill across the world to felicitate with you on your resounding victory at the just-concluded Presidential Election Tribunal that sat at the Appeal Court. In early March this year, an overwhelming majority of registered Nigerian voters through the ballot box spoke eloquently their preference of you as their President over and above every contender and pretender to that seat. “Today, that eloquent preference has not only been accentuated by the united voice of Their Lordships at the Tribunal, but by the joy in the hearts and minds of all discerning Nigerians who have welcomed that verdict with wild jubilations across our nation. “On behalf of my humble self, my family and the entire APC family in Abia State, for whom you have always stood as a symbol of hope and progress, I congratulate you on yet another total victory”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.