A Non Governmental Organization (NGO) known as ‘ Prison Inmate Development Initiative’ (PIDI-Nigeria) has condemned the dismissal, trial and imprisonment of a police officer Inspector Sunday Umaru for exposing alleged non payment of his allowances by the Nigeria Police Force during his special operations. Executive Director of the NGO Mr Mbami Iliya Sabka who noted that the organization works towards protecting the rights of inmates made the condemnation in a press release issued to newsmen on Wednesday in Bauchi. He said they received petition from the ex-police officer who alleged that on 13th June, 2019, he was moved to Dapchi local government area of Yobe state to protect lives and properties of the citizens but he and his team allegedly spent three months without receiving a single monthly allowance and other incentives as proposed by President Muhammadu Buhari. He added that the complainant told the NGO that their counterparts in the army working in the same camp had all their needs catered such that every two weeks, they are supplied with enough food items, N15, 000 for each at hand and N30, 000 in their bank accounts. ” But the case was completely opposite with the Nigeria police sent there to work. This situation became much unbearable with them who rather became dependent on the soldiers in the camp and resorted to begging for ordinary bread and water just to keep their bodies and souls together”. ” In my meeting with the said Sunday Umaru on the 2nd September 2019 at the Potiskum Correctional Facility (Prison), he stated that he is an Inspector attached with Mobile Police (MOPOL 8) at Jos, Plateau State under the Nigeria Police Force (NPF) with Force No: 210138.” Sabka explained that the ex-police officer having allegedly fed up with their situation made a post on Facebook in that regard adding that he was subsequently detained and dismissed from the force. ” That on the 22nd of August, he was taken back to Damaturu, Yobe state and locked at CIID for five days without food before he was arraigned via F.I.R on the 28th August, 2019 before the chief magistrate court III, Damaturu by one sergeant Hayatu Musa alleging that he has committed offence contrary to section 397, 399, 392 and 114 of the penal code”. ” However, it is our submission that PIDI-Nigeria totally condemns the trial, dismissal and imprisonment of the Whistle Blower Inspector Sunday Umaru of the Nigeria Police Force and call on all institutions, organizations and individuals to jointly and severally condemn same and take necessary measure to see that the said Inspector Sunday Umaru is re-instated and compensated accordingly within the shortest possible time”. The statement reads. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.