The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) Kano Zonal Office has smashed a gang of money launderers and arrested 280 suspects. The money launderers who specialized in various racketeering including MMM, Black Money and others were apprehended between January and August 2019 in the ancient city and its environs. The Zonal Head of the Commission Kano Regional Office, Akaninyena Azima said: “the suspects were arrested for crimes of cybercrimes, money laundering, black money, wash-wash, foxy scheme and mmm, among others.” In the same vein, the commission had recovered the sum of N550m and 690,000 dollars during the period under review, noting that the 690,000 were recovered at Malam Aminu Kano International Airport (MAKIA.) He noted that they are currently pursuing 51 cases of various offences in courts, while investigation into several cases is neared completion. He called on the management of banks operating in the states under the zone to improve their response system in order to protect their customers from being duped by the fraudsters. “The commission has observed that such crimes take place during weekends when banks are not operating, so by improving the response system of the banks, the banks can avert any attempt by such criminals to steal from someone’s account,” he said. He said the commission on its part had embarked on rigorous sensitization campaign. He said, “We have held programmes in two television stations and a radio station in Katsina state where we sensitised public on how these fraudsters operate and discouraged them not to engage in such activities. “The commission will soon organized similar programmes in other states under the zone. I, therefore, appeal to members of the public to always avail the commission useful information that will help it curtail all corrupt related crimes in the zone. “We assure that the commission would treat such information with maximum secrecy in order to protect the informant.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.