Seven persons have been allegedly killed in Sabo (Ibie Iyakpe village) near Auchi polytechnic, Edo State in clashes between rival cult groups. The fight began last week Wednesday between the Aye and Jurist confraternity groups, following a disagreement over undisclosed issues. DAILY POST gathered that four persons were hacked to death at Iyakpi, while one was killed in Auchi, the headquarters of Etsako West Local Government Area of Edo State between Thursday and Sunday. Among the victims killed on Sunday night at different locations in the area, it was gathered were Sikiru Jeliu and one Irale Obas, who they said has recently completed the National Youth Service Corp (NYSC). Undisclosed sources around confirmed to DAILY POST that two others were also killed same night. The source added that among the two was a female who was killed when cult group stormed the compound in which she lived, in search of rival cult group member, said to be hiding there after carrying out an attack. Public Relations Officer to Edo state command, DSP Chidi Nwanbuzor, who confirmed the development, added that 58 suspects have so far been arrested in connection with the ugly incident​. Nwabuzor, who did not mention the number of casualties, said Commissioner of Police, DanMallam Mohammed, has put adequate measure in place to arrest the situation. According to him, “For now, it is not wise to tell you that the figure is five, six or seven, because we are still gathering information as regards the clash and it could increase within the next one hour. “We have arrested a total of 58 suspects and more are still being searched ​for. As soon as we get them, we shall bring them to justice,” Chibuzor said. Meanwhile, the management of Auchi Polytechnic, Auchi, has denied reports that the federal institution has been shut down over cult-related killings. Rumor had filtered in at the early hours of Tuesday saying that the polytechnic was shutdown following unrelenting cult clashes in the neighborhood. Reacting to the rumors in a statement, the Spokesman for the Institution, Mr Mustapha Oshiobugie, said the students were already on vacation but the evening students are still session Oshiobugie, who said the cult killings and violence occured at Iyakpi, a community in South Ibie near Auchi, added that no student of the institution has been killed or injured in the ugly attack. “The polytechnic has been on holidays for the past one week when the students finished with their examinations and the hostels were vacated. Although the evening students are in school” “A school already on holiday cannot be shutdown. What appears to drive this rumour is a reported violent incident that occurred in Iyakpi, a two kilometres from Auchi. “Preliminary reports show that no student of the polytechnic is among the reportedly dead,” the statement said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.