As Nigerians await the verdict of the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal on suit by Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate, Atiku Abubakar, against the re-election of President Muhammadu Buhari, their lawyers have said no date has been fixed for ruling. The five-man panel headed by Justice Mohammed Garba had on August 21 reserved judgment. Counsel to the All Progressives Congress (APC), Prince Lateef Fagbemi (SAN), told Thisday on Monday that no date has been communicated. “It is not going to be a secret thing, once a date is given, we will all know,” he said. Similarly, one of the counsels on the legal team of Atiku and PDP, Chief Chris Uche (SAN), said the tribunal was yet to announce a date. “We are following up on it. As we text, our lawyers are at the court registry waiting for official communication. I’m sure by tomorrow, we will know. “In such matters as I have noticed in the recent past, long notice is not usually given,” he said. Atiku had in his final address insisted that Buhari, as candidate of the APC lied on oath in his form CF001 presented to INEC before standing for the presidential election. His lead counsel, Dr Levy Uzuokwu SAN, drew the attention of the Tribunal to a portion of his INEC form where he claimed to have three different certificates; comprising Primary School leaving certificate, WAEC certificate and Officers Cadet certificate. The petitioners said it was shocking and surprising that, “No Provisional certificate, no certified true copy of the certificates, no photocopy of certificates and in fact no electronic version of any of the certificates was presented by Buhari throughout the hearing of the petition to dispute the claim of the petitioners. “More worrisome is the fact that Buhari’s own witness Major General Paul Tafa Rtd, who joined the Nigerian Army with him in 1962 told the tribunal that they were never asked to submit their certificates to the Nigerian Army Board as claimed by Buhari in his form CF001. “At any rate the Secretary of the Nigerian Army Board, Olatunde Olaleye had in a statement clarified that Buhari had no single certificate in his personal file with the Nigerian Army”. Atiku, therefore, urged the tribunal to nullify the participation of Buhari in the election on the grounds that Buhari lied on oath to deceive Nigerians and to secure unlawful qualification for the election. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.