The governor of Enugu State, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi has assigned portfolios to the commissioners and special advisers who were sworn-in five days ago. It will be recalled that Governor Ugwuanyi had sworn-in nineteen commissioners and seven special advisers last Wednesday with a charge that they should “hit the ground running.” In the statement signed by Prof. Simon Ortuanya, the Secretary to the State Government, Chief Miletus Eze retained his portfolio as the Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice. The trio of Engr. Greg Nnaji, Prof. Uchenna Eze and Hon. Peace Nnaji returned to their first term seats at the Ministries of Works and Infrastructure, Education and Gender Affairs and Social Development respectively. Other commissioners who were deployed to various ministries include Hon. Chijioke Edeoga (Environment), Barr. Chidi Aroh (Information), Prince Emeka Mamah (Rural Development), Mr. Vitus Okechi (Youth and Sports) and Mr. Solomon Onah (Commerce and Industry). Mrs. Adaonah Kene-Uyanwune takes charge at the Finance ministry, while Prof. Anthony Ugochukwu is the new Health commissioner. The rest are Dr. Charles Egumgbe (Chieftaincy Matters), Hon. Mathias Ekweremadu (Transport), Mr. Uchechukwu Ogbonna (Labour and Productivity), Mrs. Mabel Agbo (Special Duties), Barr. Peter Okonkwo (Local Government Affairs), Mr. Obi Carl Kama (Science and Technology), Mr. Ugonna Ibe (Culture and Tourism) and Dr. Victor Nnam (Lands and Urban Development). The seven Special Advisers duly assigned portfolios include Barr. Steve Oruruo (Information), Mrs. Olangwa Ezekwu (Diaspora), Mr. Uwakwe Azikiwe (Special Duties), Mr. Uchenna Ogbodo (Human Development and Poverty Reduction), Dr. Kingsley Udeh (Education), Engr. (Mrs) Obiageli Abba (PDI) and Barr. Paschal Ukwuani (Youth and Sports). The release further stated that “the other outstanding commissioners and their ministries will be announced in due course after screening and confirmation procedures are completed by the Enugu State House of Assembly.” Governor Ugwuanyi had told the commissioners and special advisers at the three-day retreat that “the season of politics is over. Under my watch, the governance mode is fully activated.” He also enjoined his appointees to work as a team and to complement rather than compete with each other. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.