Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Process and Industrial Development has denied offering to negotiate with the Federal Government over a recent contentious judgment of a United Kingdom which affirmed that it is owed $9.6bn by Nigeria. Meanwhile, Nigeria and the firm are set for a legal showdown in a push by the Federal Government to have the controversial judgment set aside in the UK court today. 2. Members of the Nigerian Senate have opposed the closure of land borders by the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government. The lawmakers said they see the move as a temporary solution to a permanent problem. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari has submitted the Medium Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and the Fiscal Strategy Paper (FSP), for consideration of the Senate. The move dispelled the worry that the 2020 budget may suffer delay. 4. Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, has declared his readiness to waive his constitutional immunity to enable the most robust adjudication of several baseless allegations, insinuation and falsehoods against his person and office. 5. The convener of #RevolutionNow protest, Omoyele Sowore, on Wednesday met the condition of bail granted to him on Tuesday by the Federal High Court in Abuja for his release from the custody of the Department of State Service. Sowore complied with the Tuesday’s order of court which directed him to deposit his passport at the court’s registry as condition for his release. 6. Anti-graft agency, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has denied report which quoted its acting chairman, Mr. Ibrahim Magu as saying there is corruption in the National Social Investment Programme and the Anchor Borrower’s Programme (N-SIP). 7. President Muhammadu Buhari came under heavy attack from Nigerians on social media over his speech at the 74th Session of the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA74). However, the presidency came to his defence saying that the online hysteria against the President was unnecessary. It said many people were spending a lot of their time on getting things horribly wrong and/or focusing on the wrong things, while completely missing the real/meaningful/actual message. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari has declared that he would retire from politics after finishing programmes and policies he started in his first term. He spoke in New York, at the sidelines of the 74th UN General Assembly, when he met with President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal. Buhari explained why Nigeria was investing heavily on infrastructural development. 9. The House of Representatives has invited former Managing Directors of Niger-Delta Development Commission, NDDC, Timi Alaibe, Nsima Ekere, and other officials including Nelson Brambaifa, Emmanuel Agwariavwodo, to appear before them on Friday over N61.4bn abandoned projects. The House of Representatives asked them to provide documents over overpayment of contractors and contracts awarded without execution. 10. The Federal Government has assured Nigerians that its social intervention funds have not been mismanaged. It explained that the funding and disbursement of its resources had always been done by the Ministry of Budget and National Planning. FG also maintained that the Office of the Vice President was not involved in the financial transactions or the disbursement of funds for the programme. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.