Former Manchester United and Liverpool striker, Michael Owen, has predicted some of Wednesday’s Carabao Cup fixtures. United, who slipped to eighth in the Premier League after losing to West Ham on Sunday, welcome League One side Rochdale to Old Trafford. Premier League leaders Liverpool, will look to stretch their winning run to 16 games in all competitions, at Milton Keynes Dons. Frank Lampard’s Chelsea are also in action, with Grimsby Town making the trip to Stamford Bridge. Speaking with Betfair, Owen gave his predictions. Manchester United v Rochdale United: United are short of striking options with Marcus Rashford hobbling off with what looked like a groin injury against West Ham on Sunday. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is optimistic, however, that Mason Greenwood, who scored the winner against Astana on Thursday in the Europa League, will be over the illness that prevented him travelling to London at the weekend. Rochdale have lost three of their last four games in all competitions and I expect to see United return to winning ways back on home soil. Milton Keynes Dons v Liverpool: Liverpool passed their first major examination of their title credentials at Stamford Bridge on Sunday and Jurgen Klopp looks sure to shuffle his talented pack at Stadium MK. Rhian Brewster is likely to make his debut for Liverpool against the Dons and I am looking forward to seeing the striker’s first appearance in a red shirt. It won’t be his last. Chelsea v Grimsby Town: Chelsea played their part in a cracking game with Liverpool at Stamford Bridge on Sunday and I expect Frank Lampard’s side to return to winning ways against League 2 Grimsby who are reported to be bringing 5,000 away supporters to the capital. The Blues have injury problems, but there is every chance that England international Callum Hudson-Odoi and promising young defender Reece James will play their first games of the season and give Lampard more options for the weeks and months ahead. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.