A Magistrates’ Court sitting in Ilaro has ramanded 13 Oro worshippers in prison for allegedly attacking Muslims and Christians in Idiroko, Ipokia Local Government Area of Ogun State during their festival last Saturday. Some of the suspects, DAILY POST learnt, are Peter Akano, Alade Okedele, Hakeem Akanbi and Ayuba Ogunbiyi. DAILY POST earlier reported that the Oro adherents had on Saturday allegedly attacked both Christians and Muslims for flouting their curfew order. It was gathered that they were arraigned in Ilaro because the court in Ipokia was still on leave. The prosecutor, Dada Olushola, told the court that the accused persons committed contempt of court by observing the Oro festival during the day time, which was against the order of the High Court in Ipokia. They were charged on five counts bordering on conspiracy, contempt of court, conduct likely to cause the breach of public peace, malicious damage and assault occasioning harm, contrary to the provisions of the Criminal Code Vol. 1, Laws of Ogun State, 2006. The charges read, “That you conspired together to commit conduct likely to cause a breach of the public peace, assault occasioning harm, malicious damage and contempt of the High Court, thereby committing an offence contrary to and punishable under Section 516 (a) of the Criminal Code Vol. 1, Laws of Ogun State, 2006 “That you observed the Oro festival during the day time, which is against the judgment and order of the High Court, Ipokia, thereby committing an offence contrary to and punishable under Section 133 (9) of the Criminal Code Vol. 1, Laws of Ogun State, 2006. “That you acted in a scrupulous manner likely to cause a breach of the public peace by breaking bottles in the frontage of the house of one Rasaq Rabiu of Okoro Ibatefin, thereby committing an offence contrary to and punishable under Section 249 (d) of the Criminal Code Vol 1, Laws of Ogun State, 2006.” Magistrate S. O. Banwo, granted the accused bail in the sum of N2.5m with two sureties each in like sum. The magistrate ordered the accused persons to produce a traditional ruler as one of their sureties. However, the accused persons, it was gathered, were unable to immediately meet their bail conditions and were remanded in the Ilaro Prison until they would be able to perfect the bail conditions. The case has been adjourned till October 8, 2019. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.