A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Bayelsa State, Chief Perekeme Kpodoh, has accused the National leader of the APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomole, of conniving with the leadership of the party at the State to rigged election for a candidate without capacity. He also alleged that the party’s National Chairman in the contentious primaries, is highly involved in shaddy and bias support to the Former Governor and Minister of State for Petroleum Resources,Chief Timipre Sylva over fake promises of oil bloc. He called on the National Chairman of the Party, Adams Oshiomole not to be deceived with empty promises and allow the party lose the forth coming election with the fraudulent emergence of a flag bearer without capacity, ” Sylva cannot singlehandedly give out oil bloc without the approval of President Muhammad Buhari. Such deceit would not be allowed. Oshiomole should know that what happened on Wednesday in Yenagoa is a fraud and a mockery of the APC.’ Kpodoh, who described as ” a show of mockery’ the figure allegedly fabricated as votes cast for the emergence of Chief David Lyon, as flagb-earer of the party for the November 16th Governorship election, noted that if nothing is done, the party will lose out at the polls. According to Kpodoh, the less than 49,000 votes recorded during the controversial primaries of the party is a mockery of the 2million votes cast for President Muhammadu Buhari during the last Presidential primary of the party. The former Special Adviser on security matters to the state government, Chief Perekeme Kpodoh, while commenting on the outcome of the election in Yenagoa, said the declared result of the Governorship primaries was made without taking note of the fact that the over 2 million members that participated in the Presidential primary that confirmed President Muhammad Buhari did not participate in the alleged fraudulent Governorship primary. ‘With the figures given as results of the primaries, it shows it was handwritten. In the indirect primaries, those involved in the voting are few known officers of the party. But in the Direct mode of primaries, those involved should have party membership cards. Are those involved in fraudulent declaration of result reducing the figures of our party members?Or have they entered into alliance with Gov. Dickson and the PDP to rubbish us at the poll?’ According to him, “instead of an increased participation of party members in the process, It is a joke that the attempt by the people who rigged the purported primaries in favour of Lyon did it without due consideration to numbers of party members. Those who rigged the primaries in favour of David Lyon are invariably telling the world that APC in Bayelsa is less than 50,000 members “How do you compare this result with the over 210,201 members who voted for Buhari during the APC presidential primaries? How do you also compare 45,000 members to the over 90,000 persons that voted for Buhari in the last general election? Clearly the 45,000 members of APC who allegedly voted for Mr Lyon is a message to the world that APC cannot win Bayelsa state.’ ‘In a desperate bid to perpetuate the fraud, results were not signed by Electoral officers and agents of Governorship aspirants. The materials were moved from one hotel to the other until it was declared at Aridolf hotels. ‘ “We want to thank the Yobe State Governor for staying away from the mockery termed Governorship primaries in Bayelsa. His absence from the process showed that he is not disposed to electoral fraud and would not be seen as being involved “As a ruling government, we should have been seen to be conducting a more transparent and acceptable governorship primaries.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.