A 43-year-old man, Oluwole Bamidele, has been arrested by men of the Ogun State Police Command for having unlawful carnal knowledge of his neighbours’ six-year-old daughter. His arrest, DAILY POST learnt, followed a report by one Ikechukwu Blessing Orji, who reported at Agbado police station that, while his wife went out to give cloth to her tailor at about 12:45pm of the day of the incident, the suspect who is a co-tenants in the same house with them lured his six years old daughter into his room and allegedly defiled her. The girl was reported to have quickly informed her mother as soon as she returned. A statement by the Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi, said, “On the strength of the report, the DPO Agbado division, CSP Aloko Amodu, detailed his detectives to the scene of the crime at Kayode Street Agoro area of Agbado where the suspect was arrested.” Oyeyemi disclosed that the suspect initially denied the allegation until the victim was confirmed defiled at a hospital. “On interrogation, the suspect at initial stage denied committing the crime but when the victim was taken to the General Hospital for medical examination, the medical report confirmed that the victim has been defiled. It was there he confessed committing the crime.” Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police, CP Bashir Makama has ordered the immediate transfer of the suspect to Anti-Human Trafficking and Child Labour Unit of the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department, for proper investigation and prosecution. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More