Three other persons have been arraigned for assaulting officials of the Enugu Electricity Distribution PLC (EEDC). This was confirmed in a statement issued by the Head of Communications, EEDC, Mr. Emeka Ezeh. One of the suspects, 37-year-old man identified as Chibuzor Obidinma, an indigene of Ezinifite, Okpuno in Awka South Local Government Area of Anambra State was arraigned before the Anambra State Chief Magistrate Court holden at Awka for assaulting a staff of EEDC while on official duty. The long arm of the law eventually caught up with Obidinma after a long search, on the 3rd September, 2019, following his alleged attack on a staff of EEDC on 18th July, 2019. He allegedly used machete to cut the EEDC staff on his head, leaving him with server wound, an offence punishable under Section 290 of the Criminal Code Cap 36 Vol.II Revised Laws of Anambra State of Nigeria 1991 as amended. Obidinma was remanded in prison custody, while the case was adjourned till 23rd October, 2019. Also, the duo of Ifeanyi Eze and Nkemdilim Ngwoke were arraigned by the Police at the Enugu State Magistrate Court holden in Nsukka on 29th August, 2019, following their attack on some staff of EEDC on 27th August 2019 at Oliveth Hill, Umeano-Ogbuka Nsukka during their masquerade festival. It was gathered that the EEDC staff were thoroughly beaten up by the duo, while the windscreen of the hired vehicle used by the EEDC team was smashed. Ifeanyi and Nkemdilim were slammed with four counts charge. They were granted bail by the presiding Magistrate and the case was adjourned to 10th of October, 2019. Speaking on the arraignments, Ezeh said the EEDC was not relenting in its effort to prosecute any individual or group that assaults any of her personnel while carrying out their legitimate duties. “A situation where our staff on duty are assaulted and the perpetrators get away with it can no longer be tolerated. “The management of EEDC frowns at these actions and will not hesitate in ensuring that the law takes its course. “We hope to get justice and believe others will learn their lesson from this. “Customers are therefore advised not to take laws into their hands. Where there are grievances, they are encouraged to follow the established redress mechanism approved by the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC), to channel their complaints. The regulation also provides opportunity to escalate issues to the nearest NERC Forum Offices within their area, for further intervention,” Ezeh said. Meanwhile, in line with her commitment towards improving the socio-economic state of the South-East region, the EEDC recently completed two major projects in Imo State. These projects, which is estimated at over 200 million Naira are: a dedicated 33KV line constructed for one of the company’s industrial customer, Alex Aluminium Company; and Oguta 33KV double circuit line. Both lines will radiate from Egbu Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) Station. According to Ezeh, the Alex Aluminium 33KV line has a route length of about 38 kilometers, and is designed to improve availability to the industrial customer; while the Oguta 33KV line, with double circuit, has a route length of about 11 kilometers and will feed New Owerri, Port Harcourt Road and Onitsha Road axis. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.