The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP in Anambra State has said that the party will win the 2021 governorship election to make the entire zone a PDP controlled zone. The party also promised that it would not allow the party to be hijacked by money bags or its ticket bought, during the election. The zonal chairman, Mr Austin Umahi while addressing members of the party in Awka on Sunday warned interested aspirants to rather resort to hard work than hoping to hijack the party. He said, “We’re happy that Anambra PDP today is one family. There is no faction in the party in the state today, and I want to assure you that under my watch, no one man can hijack this party. “My wish is that under my watch, Anambra will join PDP. I am not in doubt that you have the capacity to do this. You have people in Anambra who are capable, and the party in the state also has the resources. “When we started working to win Imo State, I was always going to the state on a weekly basis, and it was like a joke, but today Imo is a PDP state. We hope that Anambra will be the fifth PDP state in the south east, and when I am handing over, I will do so with happiness.” The State chairman of the party, Hon Ndubuisi Nwobu who also addressed the stakeholders of the party said the party will not do any form of merchandising in the forthcoming election. He urged all those interested in contesting the governorship election to go and seek the support of the people and not hope that they can induce the party to hand them the ticket on a platter of gold. “Our zonal chairman, may I tell you that Anambra PDP is very easy people to govern. I found this out since I became the state chairman of the party. “All you need to cage an Anambra man is to keep telling him the truth. As elections approach, I want to say that there will not be any form of merchandising during this election. The primary election of the party would be very transparent. “If you tell Anambra people the truth, they Are very easy to handle. Do not listen to people who will come with money because they need the ticket. What Anambra man does not like is asking him, ‘what will you do?” The meeting tagged; putting Anambra State back into the political track of the South east was well attended by big wig politicians from the state, including serving lawmakers and former governorship candidates of the party. Some intending aspirants who spoke at the forum including; Senator Uche Ekwunife, Hon Chris Azubogu, Dr Obiora Okonkwo, Barr Emeka Etiaba and several others pledge to continue to work to unite the party. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.