Two passenger boats have been attacked and diverted by gunmen suspected to be sea pirates terrorising the Bile-Bonny sea route. The armed men hijacked the boat routing from Bonny to Port Harcourt and the other routing from Port Harcourt to Bonny. Authorities of Bonny Local Government Area said the operation was carried out around a place called Dutch Island in Okrika Local government area. However, the member representing Bonny Constituency in the Rivers State House of Assembly, Abinye Pepple, condemned the sea pirates attack. Blessing-Pepple, in his reaction to the incident, said the attack was one too many. He told newsmen that the there was need for the security agencies to make good use of the the gunboats provided by Governor Nyesom Wike and increase surveillance on the waterways. The Bonny lawmaker who called for the rescue of those kidnapped by the pirates, said a meeting has been scheduled with members representing Okrika and Ogu-Bolo Constituencies to map out how to forestall further occurrence. “As I speak to you, my heart is bleeding and with teary eyes over the most recent pirates’ attack on innocent people of our Constituent. “It is very unfortunate and saddening that we are still at the mercy of sea pirates who have continued to boldly attack us with impunity. “Recall, that the Rivers State Government under the progressive watch of His Excellency Chief Barr Nyesom Ezenwo Wike CON, GSSRS, in its conscientious and intensive effort to securing our water ways and other part of the State recently lunched the “Operation Sting” to address the security challenges of the State. “In addition, His Excellency, graciously donated functional gun boats to Bonny Local Government to compliment the existing ones for more efficiency to combat Sea Piracy and all forms of criminality on our Water Ways. “While I totally condemn in its entirety the heinous attacks on our People, I call on the security agencies to step up conscious efforts in securing the release of those kidnapped and put in place proactive measures to forestall future occurrences. “Let me use this opportunity to call on the entire good and hospitable People of Bonny Constituency to remain calm and allow the security agencies to carry out their responsibilities,” he said. The Rivers State Police Command is yet to react to the development. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.