Youths of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in Abia South Senatorial District, on Thursday at the premises of the National Television Authority, NTA, Aba, protested against the recent nomination of Mr. Nwogu Nwogu as a Commissioner into the board of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) by President Muhammadu Buhari. The youths, numbering more than two hundred who condemned the reappointment of Nwogu into the NDDC board, stressed that there was an urgent need to withdraw Nwogu’s name as Commissioner. The youths brandished placards with different inscriptions, such as “Replace Nwogu Nwogu with real APC man, We demand that APC leaders in Ukwa be carried along, Nwogu Nwogu Bad luck for APC, Nwogu Nwogu is fake and unreliable, change Nwogu’s name for APC to grow in Abia” and among other demands. They stated that allowing Nwogu to represent the state in NDDC would be tantamount to condoning indiscipline and anti-party activities. Addressing newsmen, the leader of Abia South APC youths, Prince Abana Chigozie Abana, said they found it necessary to draw the attention of the Presidency to the anomaly, describing the reappointment of Nwogu as a tacit endorsement of treachery and betrayal of trust. He stated that the havoc caused the APC by the unwholesome conduct of Nwogu and Chief Ikechi Emenike during the last general elections resulted in serious confusion and eventual bad performance of the party from the Presidential to the House of Assembly elections in Abia State. Abana, who cautioned on the dire consequences of retaining Nwogu’s name, wondered how a man whose benefactor ensured that there was no peace in Abia APC could be allowed to influence the appointment of Nwogu. He stated that Nwogu did not work for the APC resulting in the party losing in his ward in the 2019 general elections. Meanwhile, Ward youth leaders of the All Progressives Congress in Ukwa West has expressed their disenchantment over the call by the Donatus Nwankpa-led Abia State Working Committee, asking President Muhammadu to remove Hon Nwogu N. Nwogu from the list of newly nominated Board of NDDC. The youth body in a statement signed by its chairman, Mr. Obinna Nwankwo and made available to journalists in Aba, described the call as mere blabbermouth and a display of sheer ignorance on the act setting up the NDDC. DAILY POST recalled that the Abia State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), had called for the immediate removal of the State’s nominated member in the board of the Niger Delta Development Commission(NDDC) Mr. Nwogu Nwogu. Comrade Benedict Godson, the State Publicity of APC in Abia, made the call in a press conference in Umuahia, the state capital, said the unanimous rejection of Nwogu arose after due and thorough consultations with major stakeholders of the party leadership in the ward, Local government and State levels. However, Nwankwo said, “Nwankpa and Ben Godson-led group does not understand that there is an act governing the NDDC Board and that due process must be followed in the award of contracts. “We advise the party stalwart and his group of detractors to understand that NDDC commissioners does not give out jobs or approve same, but as representatives of their individual states. They will recommend based on the needs of their people for the commission to approve and build it into their budget. “We call on aggrieved parties to do away with acrimony and support the cause of Asa Land. It will amount to futility any fight against the decision of Mr. President and the party appointing Nwogu Nwogu as Abia nominee in NDDC board”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.