The National Assembly Election Petitions Tribunal sitting in Abeokuta on Monday upheld the election of Senator Tolu Odebiyi of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Odebiyi represents Ogun West at the federal legislature and is currently the deputy chairman, Senate Committee on FCT. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate, Leye Odunjo, had petitioned the tribunal alleging irregularities during the election. Chairman of the Tribunal, Justice Wakkil Alkali Gana said the petitioner was not able to provide substantial evidence to support his allegations. He declared that Odebiyi won the February 23 election. Odebiyi was the Chief of Staff to former Governor, Ibikunle Amosun. He was one of those who turned down Amosun’s instruction to leave the APC for the Allied People’s Movement (APM). Giving his reasons, he said: “It’s a party that I feel that I have a stake in and to go with him because of the wrangling that was going on is tantamount to me severing my relationship with these people (supporters). And that, to me, was a tough price for me. “As I said, he himself was not leaving the party. He himself maintains his loyalty and friendship with President Buhari. He himself wants to ensure he succeeds, the same way I want to ensure the party succeeds. “I felt a sense of responsibility and obligation to my followers who have supported me since 2014; they sacrificed their time, money and everything to support me. “I had to step down; governorship again, they did the same thing though disappointed, they were steadfast in their support. “Finally, we got the Senate ticket and now I’m being asked to drop the Senate ticket and go to another party while my leader is not going with me. To me, I don’t get it. “I felt what kind of leader would I be for my followers if I’m now given another ticket in an unknown party and I’m expecting them to follow me. “I mean, it would seem as if one is indecisive. And what is the assurance that when you get to APM, you’ll not move to another?” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.