Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State on Monday, urged Nigerians to remain committed to the goals of nation building especially now that the country is going through various socio-economic challenges. Makinde gave this advice via an independence anniversary message to the people of the state, a copy of which was made available to DAILY POST by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr. Taiwo Adisa. Makinde, in the message addressed to Nigerians in commemoration of Nigeria’s 59th independence anniversary, called for renewed patriotism, perseverance and prayers to enable the country to wade through the myriads of socio-economic challenges currently facing the people. “I felicitate with our countrymen on the occasion of Nigeria’s 59th independence anniversary. As you all can see, the nation is wading through some socio-economic issues, which demand us to remain committed to the goal of nation-building. “With perseverance and the never-say-die instinct of Nigerians, we will get to our goal of a great country, successfully,” the Governor said. He assured the people of Oyo State to continue to stand with his government in its avowed determination to deliver the good and uplift the standards of living in the Pacesetter state. The Governor further said: “As far as Oyo state is concerned, we are determined to deliver on our promises. While we appreciate the reception given to our government thus far, let me reassure our people that the hope and faith they invested in us will not be squandered. “We will ensure that the Omitutun (fresh showers), which characterised our campaign, will bring forth the goodness everyone desires. We are determined to turn Oyo State to a goldmine for investors, haven for good health, secured living and a bastion of quality education. “We are already turning around the sad memories from our education, health and social sectors and our people can only look forward to more.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.