The Presidential candidate of Alliance for New Nigeria, Fela Durotoye has criticized Nigerians over reprisal attacks on businesses in Lagos over xenophobic attacks in South Africa. The attacks have angered many Nigerians who stormed various outlets of Shoprite, while calling for a boycott of South African businesses operating in Nigeria. DAILY POST had reported that some angry Nigerians on Tuesday invaded an outlet of Shoprite along Lekki-Epe expressway in Lagos State. A protester was shot dead by police operatives at the Circle Mall, Jakande in the Lekki area of Lagos State, even as angry mob also set a police van ablaze. Men of the Nigeria Police Force, however, prevented the youths from breaking into the mall of South Africa-owned Shoprite. Reacting, Durotoye took to his Twitter page calling on Nigerians to stop reprisal attacks, adding that the businesses being looted and destroyed were run by Nigerian employees and Nigerian-owned franchise of a South African brand. Durotoye described the murder of a protester as senseless and a push for hoodlums to destroy properties in the country. On his official Twitter page, he wrote: “In anger and retaliation, Nigerians in Nigeria are destroying Nigerian buildings owned by Nigerians and built by Nigerian artisans. “Nigerian bystanders are cheering Nigerians looters stealing products produced in China and imported by Nigerian businessmen with loans from Nigerian banks. The products were meant to be sold to Nigerians by Nigerian employees of a Nigerian-owned franchise of a South African brand “In Jakande-Ajah Lagos, a Nigerian youth protesting how Nigerians are being mistreated in South Africa is shot and killed by a Nigerian police officer “This senseless murder drives angry Nigerian hoodlums to start destroying cars owned by Nigerians, stealing phones and harassing other Nigerians bystanders. Can anyone help me make sense of this? “Really, who is losing out in all this? Let each one, enlighten the other.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.