Busola Dakolo, wife of popular musician, Timi Dakolo, has stirred reactions from Nigerians on social media over her demands before a Federal Territory High Court in Abuja on her rape case against Biodun Fatoyinbo, Senior Pastor, Commonwealth of Zion Assembly, COZA. Busola, the wife of music star, Timi Dakolo, had accused the cleric of raping her when she was still very young. The Court on Monday summoned Fatoyinbo and Mrs. Dakolo to appear before it within 14 days. She told the High Court that the rape had adversely affected her marital sex life and demanded a letter of apology from Fatoyinbo to show remorse. Mrs. Dakolo, in a suit filed on her behalf by her lawyer, Pelumi Olajengbesi and Co of Law corridor, demanded that Pastor Fatoyinbo should tender an apology on two national newspapers and national television station for seven days consecutively and pay N10m for the total cost of demands in relation to the suit. Her demands have since stirred reactions from Nigerians who queried her intention for taking Pastor Fatoyinbo to court. Here are some reactions gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Davideboh5 “Why N10m? That’s not worth the suffering she endured for nearly 20 yrs. Foolish men, especially those in developing and lawless countries like Nigeria must be stopped frm abusing them and their positions of power. Nothing stops her from raising it to N30b. The Church can afford it. @Yoo_Goal “Alleged Rape Saga: Court papers reveals – Busola Dakolo demands apology, 10 million naira ‘cost of action’ from Pastor Fatoyinbo. So will they share the 10 million naira or its for Busola alone? @Abiodun_Ford “Busola Dakolo demanding 10M from Biodun Fatoyinbo for raping her about 20 years ago. So na Money Busola Dakola want.” @Woleadesanmi1 “I expect Biodun Fatoyinbo to appeal Busola Dakolo’s judgement of fine to prove his innocence. If he dare pays that 10million, then he is a shit.” @Helkae “She isn’t demanding 10m, It’s the cost of what the court asked the Pastor to do that amounts to 10million. People should learn to read a full story and not just depend on headlines that are aimed at confusion @newton_Ikire “So money has been the root of all these accusation!How mean? Lady’s broke and she needs money, very mean.” @Selflessteacher “If she demands 10 million, I think she is sick, I have always supported her, but not on this, her revelation was supposed to help her heal, expose the criminal and let the police do their job, not augment her wealth.” @Kingofsinging “Well, guess she wants to make sure he comes to court because no sane person will agree to those terms. May the guilty be found guilty and punished accordingly. Amen.” @the_writa “Busola please don’t use your own hands to destroy whatever is left of your credibility.Don’t attach a price tag to this whole mess.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.