Two people have been killed while one was injured in a fatal auto crash that occurred on Tuesday night along Bauchi – Dass road in Bauchi State. The identity of the deceased was not yet known as at the time of filing this report. The Head of Operations, Federal Road Safety Corps, Bauchi Sector Command, Deputy Corps Commander, Ibrahim Abubakar, confirmed the accident to newsmen in Bauchi. Abubakar said that the driver and his two friends were drunk and were over-speeding when he lost control and the car somersaulted. He said that car veered off the road and fell into a ditch leading to the death of the two people. He said: “Yes, it is true that an accident occurred on Bauchi – Dass road on Tuesday night at about 9pm. It was a lone accident of a Peugeot 206 car with number plate AJG 248 AA, Blue in colour. “The vehicle had three occupants and were heading to Bauchi from Dass when the accident happened. We suspect that they were driving under the influence of alcohol because we recovered a bottle of whisky in the car. ” The driver was over-speeding and he lost control as a result, he veered off the road and the car somersaulted and he fell into a ditch. ” Abubakar said that two dead bodies were recovered in the early hours of Thursday morning and deposited at the mortuary at the ATBU Teaching Hospital. He added that the third person who was unconscious was rushed to the same hospital for treatment. The Head of Operations warned drivers to desist from driving while being drunk, stressing that: “I will like to warn the drivers to desist from drinking and driving especially during these ember months and they should be very careful on the roads. “We have always cautioned them that if they must drink, they should not drive and if they must drive, they should not drink.” He advised that: “Passengers should also watch out for the behaviour of drivers whenever they are travelling. If they observe that the driver is drunk or is about to take anything alcoholic, they should report him to the nearest security agencies. ” Our men are always vigilant and are always on the roads, they have all the equipment to test the drivers. So from the motor parks, we also call on the Unions there to take it as their responsibility to sensitize and warn their members not to drive under the influence of alcohol, otherwise when we arrest them, we will prosecute them.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.