The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Kaduna State Chapter has frowned at a purported 7-day quit notice, allegedly issued by the Kaduna State Urban Property Development Agency (KASUPDA) to a church, which has spent 110 years at its location. Kaduna Chairman of Christian Association of Nigeria, Reverend John Hayab, expressed this when he received General Overseer of the Evangelical Bible Outreach Ministry, Jos and the Convener For the Movement of Initiative of a Brighter and Better Nigeria, Prophet Isa elBuba, in Kaduna on Thursday. Hayab said that CAN on receiving the information, contacted the personnel who issued the letter, but was told that he was acting on orders from above. “Just yesterday, a staff of KASUPDA in Zaria has given a church, which has been there for 110 years 7 days demolition notice. “The man who wrote it claimed it was from the governor. We will just ask the governor if he gave the directives, which we doubt emanated from him,” he said. Hayab described the letter as one capable of creating crisis, and appealed to those in authority to bear in mind sensitive nature of religion.
He said that as a father, he would not see something affecting his children and keep quiet, out of being politically correct as that would amount to hypocrisy. Speaking earlier, Prophet el-buba commended the Kaduna CAN chairman for his defense of the truth. “We have seen the level of injustice playing out in our country. We are on this nationwide tour to see to the emancipation and freedom of our people. “Religion is no more serving the purpose God meant it to serve. It is expected that we treat everybody fairly in spite of religious differences,” he said He explained that in his father’s house, everyone treated fairly in spite of having Sheikhs and pastors in same family. “Group of elites holding the masses hostage. Their is massive number of people below the pyramid, about 97 per cent only three per cent are manipulating the majority,” he submitted. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.