The Ohanaeze Youth Council, OYC, has urged the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government to help the South-East Governors towards addressing the security challenges in the zone. This came in reaction to the enlarged stakeholders’ meeting held by the governors, the Ohanaeze Ndigbo, religious and other political leaders, weekend, during which far reaching decisions were taken. Chairman of the Governors’ Forum and Ebonyi governor, who read a communique after the meeting, said they would seek audience with President Muhammadu Buhari and security chiefs in the country over insecurity in the region. Umahi said that the sought meeting with the president was necessary because it would help douse rising tension in the region. Reacting, the OYC, on Monday, through its Secretary-General, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, hailed the governors for the far-reaching decisions taken during the meeting. Okwu said it was time for the Federal Government to work-the-talk by tackling headlong the problems of insecurity being posed by Fulani herdsmen. “The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide salutes the governors and other Southeast leaders for this special brainstorming session, during which very many important decisions with regards to the security of the zone were taken. “We are highly impressed with the outcome of the meeting the resolutions reached and to that effect, we urge President Muhammadu Buhari to give the governors all the audience and attention needed to tackle these security issues once and for all. “It is also important to state that the Federal Government controlled security agencies should see to the implementation of the order banning open movement of herders in the zone, especially those with guns and matchets,” he said. Okwu also commended the Enugu State Governor, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi for setting the pace in the establishment of forest guards as agreed by the governors. He said “we are highly impressed with the effort made so far by Governor Ugwuanyi towards steming the tide of insecurity, which recently reared its ugly head in the State. “We are not unmindful of the deliberate act by some disgruntled elements to erode Enugu of its most peaceful State status. “However, such people have failed because the entire good people of Enugu State are solidly behind the governor to see the very end of this mischief.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.