Engr Mike Ozoemena, the Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress(APC) in Abia state, has revealed that many party chieftains worked against APC in the last 2019 general elections. Ozoemena claimed that most of APC leaders mainly from Abia South senatorial zone (Ukwa/Ngwa bloc) dumped the party in mid-day and worked for the reelection of the incumbent Governor and kinsman, Okezie Ikpeazu, who also doubled as the gubernatorial candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 polls in Abia state. The APC spokesman made this known in a press statement on Sunday, while reacting to a purported rejection of Abia nominee, Nwogu N. Nwogu as the State representative in the board of the Niger Delta Development Commission,(NDDC) by an APC chieftain, Ben Godson and group. He added, “We know that Chief Nwogu N. Nwogu being a disciplined man must have rejected and turned down the usual extortionist tendencies of party chieftain, Benedict Godson and his group who though pretended to be in APC, but openly worked for the reelection of their kinsman(Okezie Ikpeazu) as the governor of Abia State during the 2019 general election. Thoroughly sabotaging the then candidate of APC in the election, Dr Uche Ogah, who then failed abysmally. “This is most callous. Firstly, the party chieftain, and his cohorts do not enjoy the moral justification to question the wise counsel and nomination of Mr President having tried unsuccessfully with his clique to use someone from Osisioma Ngwa and criminally tried to deceive the President that he is from Ukwa West, the area the position statutorily belongs to in Abia State as the oil-producing local government area of the State. Luckily, wise counsel prevailed and Mr President then nominated Chief Nwogu N. Nwogu who is a bonafide Asa son to the immediate last board of the NDDC to the applause of well-meaning Ukwa and Abia people”. Ozomemena continued, “Godson-led group, who then campaigned vigorously for the defeated former President Goodluck Jonathan belongs to those carrier extortionist ‘politicians’ whose everyday source of livelihood is to go round blackmailing people with the hope to extort feeding money from them and when they refuse like I guess Chief Nwogu did, they resort to cheap blackmail on the social media like they want to do to Chief Nwogu N. Nwogu now”. Meanwhile, as at the time of filing this report, our correspondent could not reach the APC chieftain, Comrade Ben Godson for further comment, as regards the purported extortion that occured during the 2018 election primaries. However, DAILY POST recalls that the Donatus Nwankpa-led State Working Committee(SWC) of the party in Abia and backed by Godson, had in a statement issued to journalists last week, called for the immediate removal of Mr. Nwogu N. Nwogu as State nominee in the NDDC board. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.