Former England striker, Michael Owen, has backed Leicester City to play a draw against Manchester United when both sides clash in the Premier League on Saturday at the Old Trafford. He also predicted Watford and Arsenal to share a point each on Sunday, while Wolve will beat Chelsea at Molineux on Saturday. According to him, his former club, Liverpool will beat Newcastle United at Anfield on Saturday Speaking to BetVictor, Owen said: “Jamie Vardy has been involved in 14 goals in 14 league games since Brendan Rodgers took over at the King Power Stadium and I expect to see the Foxes get a point at Old Trafford from what promises to be an open, exciting affair. “United have not won since the opening day of the season and their 2-1 loss to Crystal Palace in their last home game was particularly disappointing. Leicester remain unbeaten so far this term and currently head the table without the big two. The Foxes can take a point from a game which sees Harry Maguire face his former club and teammates for the first time since his record-breaking summer move.” Commenting on the Wolves vs Chelsea game, Owen said: “Both sides are in European action next week, but this is a vital league game with Chelsea already seven points off the top having thrown away two points at home to Sheffield United last time. “Wolves played their part in a five-goal thriller at Goodison Park in their last match, but they returned home empty-handed and are yet to win a league game this term for all their successes in the Europa League.” Speaking on the Watford vs Arsenal match, Owen said: “Watford picked up their first point of the season at Newcastle last time, but it wasn’t enough to save Javi Gracia his job. “Quique Sanchez Flores will be in charge of the Hornets for the visit of Arsenal on Sunday – three years after he was sacked by the club! “I can’t split the sides at Vicarage Road and I’m going for a point apiece.” On the Liverpool vs Newcastle clash Owen added: “Kevin Keegan was Newcastle boss the last time United won at Anfield in the Premier League – April 1994 – and it is hard to make a case for them against this current Liverpool side who have won their last 13 league games – a record for the club.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.