Infinix Mobile, a premium online-driven smartphone brand in the emerging markets around the world, has today presented the HOT 8, a #EmpoweredAndBigger smartphone, the latest addition to its entertainment product line-up HOT. Coming in with a 5,000mAh battery, a 6.6-inch HD+ waterdrop display, a triple rear camera, and a DIRAC Sound & Party Mode as the key features, HOT 8 will allow consumers to enjoy a world of entertainment at their fingertips.  HOT is a mid-budget series phone designed for young people who are passionate about entertainment in the interconnected world. Inheriting Infinix’s brand spirit of providing the most cutting-edge technologies at affordable prices, HOT series has been committed to breaking the boundaries of combining the most relevant features in one device, letting customers amplify their entertainment experience in the digital space.    “The Infinix HOT series aims to empower young people with boundless entertainment experience fueled by transformative mobile technology. We observe the trends of online and offline entertainment in global emerging markets where technologies apply. We found that young people desire to connect and share their life with their communities in various ways, such as social networking, gaming, streaming, and partying.” Said Benjamin Jiang, Managing Director of Infinix Mobile. Which is one of the reasons why campus launch concerts like the one that will be happening at Unilag for the Hot 8 on the 20 September will be consumer focused.  “The launch of HOT 8 is a great example of how Infinix spares no efforts in delivering on its promise. By integrating a bigger battery, a bigger display and other key features, we not only aim to satisfy consumers’ entertainment desires, but also inspire them to explore a world of creativity with one device at smaller cost.” Jiang further added.  Let’s review the features that make the HOT 8 stand out as a great entertainment smartphone:   Non-stop entertainment experience with a 5,000mAh battery HOT 8 comes with a 5,000mAh battery in a compact body. It enables 4 days of battery life with just 3 hours of charging through the 2A fast charge technology. Consumers will be able to enjoy non-stop entertainment throughout the day, whether it is social networking, watching videos, capturing images, or playing games. To further satisfy consumer demand of long standby time, HOT 8 also adopts artificial intelligence to optimize power consumption. By learning consumer app usage habits and executing an intelligent power saving strategy, HOT 8 creates a 10% increase in overall standby time.  Better entertainment experience with a 6.6-inch HD+ waterdrop display Consumer will be able to indulge in video streaming, gaming, and social networking on HOT 8’s large 6.6-inch HD+ waterdrop display. With an expansive field of view, HOT 8 can leave you breathless, transcending you into the virtual world. Fully immerse yourself in the amusement waiting for you!  Clearer images with a triple rear camera The HOT 8 features a 13MP rear triple camera, consisting of a 13MP lens, a 2MP lens and an AI lens that combine to capture more detailed clearer pictures. It is also equipped with a Quad flash and an F1.8 aperture to further enhance the camera performance. The triple rear camera will empower consumers with better image capturing and broadcasting experience, allowing them to explore more entertainment.  Fun party with the DIRAC Sound & Party Mode The fun DIRAC audio technology has been well received by consumers in the previous HOT generation smartphones. It has now been combined with an innovative software technology called Party Mode in HOT 8. The creative DIRAC Sound & Party Mode allows multiple devices to be synchronized together to be a single sound output source. A group of friends with two or three HOT 8 smartphone devices can make their phones become a Bluetooth speaker, allowing them to maximize their party experience.  Enhanced privacy with face unlock and fingerprint technology Infinix has always been designed to provide users with more complete security services. This concept has also been implemented in the HOT 8, and it is achieved both via fingerprint and facial recognition schema, which is more powerful in protecting user’s information and can unlock within 0.5s.  More trendy color options The HOT 8 released four color schemes, in addition to the classic colors: Midnight black, Champagne gold, Aqua blue, also released the first gradient of the HOT series – Cosmic purple, the entire phone back from the bottom. The dark purple to the top of the light purple gradient, soft color transition, making the fuselage more colorful, and an outstanding visual impact. Highlight the consumer’s refined pursuit of fashion.  More organized device with the Google Files app The HOT 8 is preinstalled with the Google Files app to keep the device more organized and cleaner. It enables consumers to free up space regularly, search files quickly, and transfer files without consuming mobile data. Phone specifications Infinix HOT 8/8 Lite Specifications: Network: 4G/3G/2G OS Version: AndroidTM 9 Pie -> 64GB+4GB, 32GB+3GB & 32GB+2GB /AndroidTM 8.1 (Go edition) -> 32GB+2GB Display: 6.6″HD+ Waterdrop Display Processor: MT6762 -> 64GB+4GB edition /MT6761-> 32GB+3GB & 32GB+2GB editions /MT6580-> 32GB+2GB edition Dimensions: 165.4*76.3*8.7mm ROM + RAM: 64GB + 4GB, 32GB + 3GB & 32GB + 2GB models Battery: 5000mAh Front Camera: 8MP Back camera: 13MP + 2MP + AI Lens Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.