The Ondo State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has dissociated itself from a group that staged support on Thursday for the Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo’s presidency in 2023. Some youths under the aegis of Southwest Youth Congress (SYC) had on Thursday in Akure, the state capital, marched round town, calling on the people to support “good leadership, courage and drive”. A statement made available to newsmen by Mr Alex Kalejaye, the state’s Publicity Secretary stated that: “the action was an embarrassment to the leaders of the party in the state. “The party wishes to firmly declare that it has no link whatsoever with the said group. “For the records, the group that could best be described as a non-governmental body, and looked a bit unorganised, only stormed the state secretariat of the party unannounced with their banners and other write-ups. “The party notes with deep concerns that a highly sophisticated state politically like ours knows better than engaging in campaigns for an election prematurely.” The statement appealed to “those it described as desperate politicians and attention-seekers to encourage the vice-president, who was sworn in only a few months ago, to concentrate on the tasks and responsibilities attached to his office. “We are sure, the vice-president is preoccupied with decisions and policies in the overall interest of the country and could therefore do with less distraction.” Meanwhile, All Progressives Congress (APC) Governors have stated that there is no crack in the presidency. Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, spoke on Thursday at the inauguration of the Progressives Governors Forum (PGF) Media and Communications Programme Steering Committee in Abuja. According to him, both the president and the vice-president are still working together harmoniously. “I think it exists in the realm of gossip and rumours”, Samwo-olu, who was represented by his deputy Obafemi Hamzat, said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.