The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, on Thursday, sent a boastful message to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and its presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. Oshiomhole declared that President Muhammadu Buhari and the APC will defeat the PDP) and Atiku if they decide to go to the world court or Supreme Court to challenge the Wednesday’s ruling of the tribunal on the last Presidential election. The former Edo State Governor spoke with State House correspondents when he accompanied APC women leaders from the national, zonal and 36 states of the federation to meet with President Buhari. The women leaders, led by women leader, Hajia Salamatu Umar-Eluma, were at the State House to congratulate the President on his victory at Wednesday’s election tribunal. Oshiomhole said “We as a party we are confident that if it is within the Nigerian law for PDP to go even to the world court, we will meet them there. The Supreme Court of Nigeria is not that of PDP or the APC, the Supreme Court is governed by law and is to interpret the evidence before the court of Appeal. “They are not at liberty to introduce new issues neither can they bring in new witnesses. “So, if it is what I heard yesterday which I believe you also heard, thanks to the media, most Nigerians were detained for eight hours listening to arguments of the judges one after the other. Even though we thought it was getting longer and longer but we realised that they tried to deal with the issues raised, even the ones you and I as a layman will consider it consequential, they dealt with each of them, trashed them and arrived at a conclusion. “So, I don’t want to sound arrogant. Yesterday (Wednesday), I said that I hope this whole contestation is about Nigeria who actually won the election and both parties are committed to building Nigeria and is not about who should be given the key. “Now, this has been resolved and it is time to queue behind the winner and move on. Our winner is the best example that losing election is not tantamount to the end of your political life. He lost three and today he is the president. “But, when I see the arrogance with which they pronounce and they bring what I call television lawyers, who pronounced with some managerial finality as if they are judges even without any evidence before them, let me now say authoritatively, we are now ready to meet them. “President Buhari is now ready to meet defeated Atiku Abubakar at the Supreme Court and the APC is ready to meet the PDP at the Supreme Court and Adams Oshiomhole is ready to meet my brother Secondus at the Supreme Court and he will take second and I will take first, Isha Allah.” He insisted that they were not in doubts that victory will be theirs. Oshiomhole said PDP just seems to blackmail every institution so that their candidate can become the president even if it is not the will of the Nigerian people. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.