Benjamin Kalu, the Spokesman of Nigeria Federal House of Representatives, has formally stated his position in the reaffirmation of President Muhammadu Buhari reelection by the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal sitting in Abuja on Wednesday. Kalu described the president’s victory as a ratification of the goodwill and confidence reposed in him by the majority Nigerians. DAILY POST reported earlier that the Justice Mohammed Garba,-led Tribunal dismissed Atiku and PDP petition in its entirety.
The court ruled that Buhari was duly elected as President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria during the presidential election held on 23rd February, 2019. The tribunal ruled that electronic transfer of results which was the crux of the opposition’s petition did not take place at any level. But, in a statement, forwarded to DAILY POST on Thursday by the House of Representatives spokesman and the current member representing Bende federal constituency of Abia state, Hon. Benjamin Kalu, said that the process of litigation will help in nurturing Nigeria’s democracy, According to him in the statement which read partly, “The House of Representatives of the 9th Assembly congratulates and celebrates with President Buhari on his victory at the presidential elections tribunal on Wednesday. Buhari is indeed a ratification of the goodwill and confidence reposed in him by the majority Nigerians who braved the elements to cast their votes for him on February 23. “We are mindful of the fact that the performances required by the process of litigation nurture our democracy and that because of the Tribunal’s verdict today, democracy does not just survive, it thrives! Therefore, we acknowledge the diligent efforts of the judiciary in making this judgment and other numerous tasks they have handled recently on election matters. “We congratulate the PDP candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar for a putting up a good fight and we commend the President for gracefully respecting the judiciary’s role in the thorough, genuine and progressive democratization of our nation by not interfering at any point with that arm of Government. “We also recognize the good work of INEC in the first place. The 2019 general elections have witnessed a lesser number of election result reversal by the tribunals than any other general election in recent history; a clear attestation to a job well done by the electoral commission. The election is over and all questions have now been put to rest. The time for political dissention is past. The task of nation building still lies ahead of us”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.