Mixed reactions have trailed the defeat of Senator representing Kogi West, Dino Melaye, in PDP’s governorship primary. DAILY POST had reported that the younger brother of the immediate past governor of Kogi State, Engr. Musa Wada, on Wednesday, emerged winner of the party’s governorship primary ahead of the 16th November election. Engr. Musa Wada scored 748 votes, followed by Abubakar Idris with 710 votes, the former governor, Captain Idris Wada came third, while Senator Dino Melaye came fourth. Musa Wada, from Dekina Local Government Area of Kogi State is Captain Idris Wada’s younger brother and also an in-law to another former governor, Idris Ibrahim. Reacting to Melaye’s defeat, some Nigerians on social media mocked the Senator while others urged him to work with the chosen candidate. Here are some comments DAILY POST gathered on Twitter… @DOlusegun, ”Dino was beaten both literally and figuratively. Incidentally, like his leader Saraki, he came third in a PDP delegate primary. Silver lining their.” @Journalist_Mind, ”Dino Malaye Scored 70 Votes, Sustain An Injury And Cried Out That His Mandate Has Been Stolen. PDP In KOGI Simply Said No To Dinophobia. All I See Is VICTORY For Gov YAHAYA BELLO.” @TreasureNgr, ”Dino Melaye that want to be Kogi State Governor cannot even come second in PDP Kogi Primary. To think he was already challenging Yahaya Bello as if he is the candidate to beat. By the time Appeal & Supreme courts sack him, he will finally retire to music-drama.” @Ade_Nurayn, ”Dino Melaye is a restless creature though. I still don’t understand why an adult with that kind of riches at his disposal is always constituting nuisance all over the place. It is as if he’s suffering from a narcissistic personality disorder or histrionic personality disorder.” @seidu_jibrin, ”Mr.senator don’t be ungrateful to your creator, must you win everything. joined hand with Wada and remove the dictator.” @CertifiedHope, ”Tribunal sacks you, you turn to governorship primaries they still kick you out. I pray for whoever is seeing this, may you not be rejected everywhere you turn to.” @PhemiO, ”Mr Dino, stop making noise, you are not even 2nd. Don’t you see the handwriting on the wall. you can’t even win primaries but you are making noise of becoming Kogi’s Governor. People of Kogi rejected you, stop crying.I think you should go to music industry.” Meanwhile, Dino Melaye while reacting to Musa Wada’s victory said, “It is ridiculous to declare a final result of PDP Governorship primary election in Kogi State when my votes sorted out yesterday in 8 out of 10 ballot boxes are missing. “Only to declare votes in 2 out of 10 ballot boxes as my votes. Totally unacceptable. Senator Dino Melaye.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.