Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, housemate, Mercy has stirred reactions from Nigerians on social media over her recent action in the reality show. Mercy on Monday after winning Head of house challenge gave up her immunity to Ike who was competing with her in the challenge. The romantic pair emerged first-ever joint winners for this week’s Head of House, (HoH) challenge for the ‘Pepper Dem’ edition after several rounds in the course of the game. This was as a result of repeated ties in the HOH competition. Following Biggie’s instruction, only one of them gets the HOH immunity and Mercy agreed to let Ike have it. The position of HoH is usually assumed by the winner of the weekly task as instructed by Biggie. Her decision has since stirred reactions from Nigerians online. While some commended her, others urged her to play the game without emotions attached. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Shysweetness1 “I Stan a woman who can make sacrifices. She gave it up for Ike to be immune this week. I love you mercy.” @_omoissy “Ike and Mercy become the first joint HOH. This is the damn content we signed up for! Power couple! @Whizman4 “Mercy is a complete take home to mama.. She gave the immunity to Ike..She has got all the characteristics of a winner.” @Pliesshawty16 “Ike and Mercy made history today by being the first joint head of the house.” @Gonawrites “So Ike refused to give Mercy the Immunity, she sacrificed it for him. That Nigga is selfish.” @Lekewots “This a game though, not a couple’s retreat. Ike is not obligated to surrender. It’s fine either way. I’m really proud of Mercy though.” @ChineduIfeoma “With this move, mercy should know that Ike’s priorities are clearer than her beauty. Mercy is a smart woman and I’m sure she has figured it out.” @Istanmyself2019 “Why would Mercy give up immunity for Ike? First, you mop his vomit now you give him the immunity you deserve? I am tired of supporting a weak woman. Please is there still space in Tacha’s team? I want to join you guys.” @Preciousprechy2 “OMG Mercy and Ike, best couples in the history of BBNaija. This is amazing. Mercy gave Ike immunity too what a wow.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.