Festus Keyamo, the Minister of State for Niger Delta Affairs has congratulated President Muhammadu Buhari over his victory at the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal in Abuja. DAILY POST reported earlier that the Justice Mohammed Garba,-led Tribunal dismissed Atiku and PDP petition in its entirety. The court ruled that Buhari was duly elected as President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria during the presidential election held on 23rd February, 2019. The tribunal ruled that electronic transfer of results which was the crux of the opposition’s petition did not take place at any level. Reacting, Keyamo on his Twitter page described the presidential Tribunal judgement as ‘incisive’. Alongside a picture with Buhari at his Abuja residence, Keyamo who was at the court earlier, said he went to congratulate the President at his residence immediately after the judgement in his favour. The post read: “I went straight from the court to congratulate Mr. President at home for the well thought out and incisive judgment of the Court of Appeal affirming his victory in the 2019 Presidential election.” Also, Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun state joined in celebrating Wednesday’s victory. Gov. Abiodun expressed joy over the affirmation of the re-election of President Buhari. In a statement issued in Abeokuta on Wednesday by Mr Kunle Somorin, the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, he quoted Abiodun saying that ”the development was a victory for Nigerians and democracy. “It is victory for Nigerians and democracy. It shows that while minority would always have their say, the majority would always have their way.” “I am very proud of the Judiciary. It has again for the umpteenth time demonstrated exemplary candour, courage and integrity on which modern democracies thrive,” he said. Abiodun urged Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, who is the petitioner and the PDP candidate in the 2019 presidential poll, to consider the verdict as the voice of the people. He called on all democrats to support Buhari “who has the divine mandate of God and endorsement of the people to keep leading the country till 2023.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.