The Biafra Zionists Federation, BZF, weekend, warned that it would no longer condone what it called clampdown on its people by agencies of the Nigerian Government. This is also as it faulted the recent strategy adopted by the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. Leader of IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu had mobilized his group to Japan, where President Muhammadu attended an event alongside other world leaders, vowing to disgrace the Nigeria President. However, in a statement released by the self-acclaimed President of the BZF, Barr. Benjamin Onwuka, he said with Kanu’s approach, the international community would soon see Biafra agitators as terrorists. Onwuka, who said diplomacy with international world powers, especially the United States of America, remained key to the Biafra struggle, said it was childish for anyone to dream of arresting President Buhari in Japan. He said, “It is a wrong strategy for anyone to go to Japan under the pretext of arresting Buhari. I feel ashamed when I read what it happening in Japan. “Let me start from Ike Ekweremadu and other Biafrans they are attacking, are they the ones holding power in Nigeria? “The people we are facing are Nigeria, Buhari and Fulani herdsmen. Going to Germany or Japan to go and fight your own brother makes no sense. “People should be very careful, that is why the Zionists are talking about diplomacy. People should stop doing things that will make the international community to see us as violent people. It is very dangerous. “These people should focus on what is achievable; going to Germany to attack Ike Ekweremadu is just mocking yourself. The Fulani are the ones holding us down not Ekweremadu. “That thing they are doing is very shameful. Look at the one they did in Japan; you are going to arrest a sitting President, how is that possible? I was educating them on the net, IPOB members said they are going to kill me. “But the whole thing is funny. Buhari has diplomatic protection, so you can’t touch him, you can’t even go near, even a minister you can’t touch him because he has a diplomatic passport. Going to Japan to make noise cannot help us. “So, this is not the way to go, it is damaging us; it is all political propaganda which they are using to brainwash and collect money from people. All these violent protests will make the world to begin to see us as dangerous people. He is destroying our campaign, they should come and join the Zionists.” The Biafra group equally cautioned the Nigerian Government against what it called persecution of businessmen of Southern extraction. He singled out the Chief Executive of Innoson Group of Companies, Mr. Innocent Chukwuma, who he said was facing so much attack from Federal Government. According to him, “there has been a sustained agenda to stifle businesses of Biafra people. Mr. Ibeto suffered the same fate simply because of Nkalagu cement, leading to his incarceration for several months. We fought and he was released. “Now to show that those behind this are not ready to give up, they have now faced Innoson, and are now doing everything to kill his investments. The consequence is that Innoson is now on the verge of relocating to Ghana. But we are saying that we won’t let that happen. “Innoson and other businessmen of Biafra extraction are told to remain here and run their investments; they should not relocate because of any threat. We are no longer going to condone the use of the EFCC and security agencies to destabilize businesses with Biafra interest.” On issues of insecurity occasioned by herdsmen attack, Onwuka called on all the governors in the Southern Nigeria to immediately commence the process of initiating anti-open grazing law. He said though the forest guards being advocated by the South-East governors was commendable, “it is not enough to checkmate the activities of killer herdsmen. If they are guarding the forest, who will guard the local farmers? Most of the killings happen right there in the farmlands and not in the forest. So, there should be a total ban on open-grazing, with a law backing it up.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.