The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, on Friday, announced the arrest of 53 suspected internet fraudsters popularly called ‘Yahoo boys’ in multiple raids nationwide. In Lagos, 18 suspects arrested are: Abass Mukhtar, Enitan Adekunle, Olakunle Araoyinbo, Korede Adetule, Christmas Gabriel, Christmas Yole, Christmas Emmanuel and Harrison Obayogbono. Others are: Victor Kenneth, Adewale Musibau, Oluwajuwon Shofuyi, Idris Abdulazeez, Oyeku Adeoye, Omilana Adeleke, Okeke Chucks, Peters Olamide, Abayomi Jones and Usman Olalekan.  A statement on EFCC Facebook page revealed that they were nabbed during a sting operation in the early hours of Friday at three different locations in the Alagbado area of the State. “During the raid, about five of the suspects attempted to escape arrest by taking refuge inside the ceiling of their apartments. They were, however, immediately apprehended by operatives of the EFCC. “Items recovered from the suspects at the point of arrest include charms, phones, laptops and five cars-Hyundai Sonata, Toyota Camry 2004 model, Toyota Camry 2007 model, Toyota Camry 1999 model and Honda Pilot”, it said.  In Abuja, operatives raided the residences of suspected internet fraudsters at No 5 Arbe Saibra Dantata Estate Kubwa, Abuja. EFCC disclosed that the operation was triggered by intelligence regarding the activities of the suspects who were placed under close surveillance for weeks. The suspects arrested are Aifuwa Aisosa, Desmond Imasuen, Usman Malik, Odiesen Ken, Odiase Emmanuel and Aifuwa Henry. Some of the items recovered include mobile phones, laptop computers, and a Mercedes C350. The Advanced Fee Fraud section of the Abuja Zonal office also apprehended another cybercrime suspect, Mbaeri Anselm Chukwuma at David Estate, Gwarimpa.  Items recovered from him include a Toyota Rav4, 2 laptops, 2 phones and a Pump Action Rifle with 2 Cartridges. In Enugu, EFCC raided two residential buildings at Maryland, Enugu where 28 suspected fraudsters were arrested. “The arrests followed some intelligence obtained by the Commission regarding activities of some people living ostentatiously without any known means of livelihood”, the statement noted. “In the course of executing search at the residences of the suspects, many of them, including a female suspect, attempted destroying some phones found on them. “The female suspect was caught flushing a broken Iphone down the toilet. The phone was, however, recovered”.  Some items confiscated during the raid include: four (4) apple macbook, two (2) Iphone Xmax and HP laptop computers. Other items include: Two (2) Toyota Camry, four (4) Toyota Corolla and one (1) Mercedez Benz GL450 car. EFCC said all 53 suspects who would be charged to court as soon as investigations were concluded. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.