Jose Mourinho has dismissed speculations claiming he could replace Zinedine Zidane as Real Madrid manager. Madrid have drawn two of their opening four LaLiga matches this season and were crushed 3-0 by Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday. Not only did Zidane’s men perform badly against PSG, they failed to record a shot on target. However, former Madrid boss, Mourinho, does not believe the situation is as bad as it seems, with Los Blancos sitting third, just two points off early leaders Sevilla. “They’re third or fourth, no? Close to being first. “It’s not bad. If you look at it pragmatically, if you focus on the table, they’re right there. Now, they play Sevilla and if they win, they go ahead of them. Barcelona are behind them and Atletico are a point ahead,” Mourinho told Deportes Cuatro. The Portuguese has further rubbished reports he is being lined up to replace Zidane as head coach, insisting he hopes the Frenchman can go on to have a successful season in the Spanish capital. “There are two types of rumours. One, when one speaks about Zidane, who is one of ours and it hurts us when our teams aren’t going well. You have to live with it. “Zidane is in football all his life and he knows it. The other type of rumour is to put my name in there, and I don’t like that. There are problems in many places, but another thing is respect. “I wouldn’t like to return because they have a manager and I can’t coach a team who have a manager. You can speak with respect about the club but also about the manager who isn’t just anyone. I am out of it. I’m not just blowing smoke. I would like that things turn out well and everything gets fixed. “Madrid, Barcelona, Atletico, Manchester United and Chelsea – when you have massive expectations, it’s difficult and tough. And for this, they say there are good players and managers who aren’t giving everything, because it takes more than just talent, you also have to have a certain special personality,” he added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.