The Head of Chamber, Mba Ukweni and Associates, Mba Ekpezu Ukweni, Senior Advocates of Nigeria (SAN) has alleged that Federal Government of Nigeria has bastardised the Judiciary arm of the government. Reacting to the PDP and APC Presidential Election Petition Judgment, SAN Mba told DAILY POST on phone on Thursday that Judiciary had been bastardised.
He said, “The judiciary had already become bastardised by Federal Government, the judgment doesn’t do us any good but do further harm to the judiciary. “Judiciary had already been reduced by executive to nothing; there is no respect for the judiciary any longer. Most of the State governors, including our state governor, Prof Ben Ayade is trying to toil the same path of weakening the judiciary and they do that to their own peril. “If they don’t know what they are doing, it’s bringing anarchy, it is the judiciary that holds the balance in the society. By weakening the judiciary and by making judiciary to do what the persons in power wants, it’s will ruin us and our children children”. The SAN said that “It is now left for the Supreme Court to review; either affirmed the judgment or take a different position, if they feel that the decisions taken are right or wrong. He said that the lay down procedure in law is that, if you are aggrieved or not satisfied with the judgment, you can appeal against it at the higher court. Consequently, on the certificate issue, the SAN regretted that it was worrisome that the President will say he attended School without a certificate and completed his forms indicating that he had so so certificate and at the end of the day, such certificate was not seen or is not there. “That is what the Supreme Court is going to look at and to decide whether or not the court of appeal was right in the circumstance. Interestingly, on the issue that President lied on oaths, Mba noted that the court of appeal was of the view that the man had higher qualification, he went for officer’s course which to them is higher than the secondary school certificate and they said there is no how he would have gone for officer’s training when he has no school certificate. “School certificate by constitutional interpretation has been watered down, even a carpenter can be interpreted to mean school certificate, a carpenter who had not gone to primary school can said to be a school certificate holder as far as he has attended some training. “The interpretation of the section has reduced the certificate to nothing. Truly and in fairness too, in the interest of further development of the law, I think the decision of the court of appeal should not be the end. “It will not do us well and for the proper development of the law, that we leave it at that. It is good for Supreme Court to have a final say on that pronouncement so that it becomes settled provision of the law,” he stated. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.