Every Adult in Nigeria deserves to own a car of his/her choice. In a developed country like the United State where we buy cars from. You don’t require to have all the money before you own a car. All, you need is to approach your bank and tell them the kind of car you need. After checking your credit report and If they see that your credit report is good then you qualify to pick any of your choice car from any Dealer and also your insurance company will then work it out with your bank while you get placed on mortgage for five years, even if the car gets involved in an accident in the process they will collect it from you and give you another brand new car. These are cars, that Awoof car will always recommend for Nigerian. These cars are called SALVAGE which is better than the car with FLOOD HISTORY (DON’T GO THERE). Any car, we bring from the USA cannot be compared to what you will buy here in Nigeria. We will always advice on the accident car that is minor and it must be from the back and not from the front because of the Engine. It is time for you to wake up and walk into our office to make a deposit OR we can begin without necessarily coming as we can always deliver. However, we will advise the client to allow us to confirm the clearance cost of their vehicle before buying as we realized that the cost of clearance is the issue here in Nigeria. It will be advisable to you to reduce the year of the car that you are buying to cater for the cost of clearing because the higher the car, the higher the cost of clearing, It means the amount for 2005 Toyota Corolla is different from Toyota Corolla 2010 but it is possible to buy a Toyota Corolla 2010 for the same price of Toyota Corolla 2005 at the auction because, In auction, the cost of bidding depends on the interest of the bidder. If nobody likes Toyota Corolla 2010 that we are bidding on at the live auction. Then, it means we will be the only bidder and you will be amazed to see that we can get the same Toyota Corolla 2010 as cheap as the cost of 2005. Auction is luck and that is why we do advise that the client should let us lookout for a car that relatively has a minor accident at the back. Maybe the bumper is removed or the door is not there. Don’t worry it will be fixed and you will never know. When delivering, this allows the customer to get it cheap as the dealer in the USA. USA resident doesn’t like to bid on any car that has damaged at all, because it is really expensive to fix a car in any developed country like USA. The good news is that we have part dealer partners in LADIPO Market or Owode here in Lagos where we can easily buy original parts and replace them. The only car that we can’t Buy is the one with a damaged engine or deflated airbag (THAT IS DEATH SENTENCE) if there is an accident. We have a very reliable auto care shop that specializes in fixing any car that has an accident to taste as far as the accident is minor and it has to be from the back as they don’t fix the engine and we don’t give advice for fixing engine at all. Also, we want to tell everyone that will like to transact with us that we will never do SHORT PAYMENT on any car. We realized that some clients are asking for the original telex release to be able to give to their clearing agent to clear for them. Because they give them cheap clearing price but we also realized that those clearing agents are fun of paying less than what the federal government is asking for. Please note, AWOOF CAR Company will never be responsible for anything that happens to the car on the road while traveling interstate. If custom stops you and they check with the C number and find out you short pay. They will have to seize the car and you will have to go and pay double but we are sure that the car will never leave the custom spot. Imagine, you traveling with family and this happens what will you do? Please do the right thing, since you have money to import cars directly through AWOOF, all the way from the USA, so nothing stops you from paying reasonable custom duty. We found that most cars they are selling in Nigeria are from the BENIN Republic and most of them didn’t come with customs duty or some of those cars were smuggled into the country and you will go and buy it, then you will be having issues whenever you site custom on the road and also afraid of traveling interstate. Last three weeks we auction Toyota Camry 2016 for a client in ABUJA for 9100 dollars and also Honda Accord 2016 for 7500 Dollars in the same week. Also, RX 350 2010 for 6900 Dollars, Toyota Rav4 2005 for 2300 Dollars, you can request for all these documents of the car mentioned to verify the bill of lading, as we have received it already whenever you come to our office. When you compare these car prices with what is being sold in Nigeria, you will see that there is a wide margin in pricing and not only that, it allows you to know the state of the engine and thorough picture of the Airbag. Do you know that some cars in Nigeria don’t have airbags at all? And these are cars that are cheapest in the auction. You don’t have to keep thinking that a car is good because it looks shining due to its body but you also need to start thinking of the internal features of the car. You need to understand that a car can still move even if there is no cover but a car cannot move when there is no engine and that is why AWOOF CAR has been helping people not to make mistake in buying cars that look good but no sound engine, what you are buying is property and not Food Stuffs. When you buy a car through us these are what you likely to get. 5 REASONS WHY YOU SHOULD GET YOUR CAR THROUGH US BECAUSE: • It allows you to know the history of the car that you are buying. • It allows you to know the true pictures of the Odometers/Mileage. • It allows you to differentiate between Flood car, Salvage car and Clean title car. • It allows you to know the condition of the Engine and air-conditioning system. • It allows you to distinguish between the car, they sell here in Nigeria and the one we will auction/import for you from the USA. When prospective buyers ask if we are a car dealer, we tell them we are not, but a broker (A Broker is a company or an individual who arranges transactions between the seller and the buyer for a commission when the deal is executed). Our services attract a flat charge of N100,000. This is what our company has for clients compared to what other dealers in Nigeria will offer you: • We make sure, we buy cars that are affordable and fit your budget. Do you know that you can get any TOYOTA products or any type of product for a low budget? We will teach you how it works. We have been in existence for sometimes. You just have to trust our company and be ready to work with us. If not, you will keep spending a lot for a car dealer; we understand you might be skeptical to part with your money, awaiting the arrival of the car. We only require a security deposit of N180, 000 or 10% of your buying budget (Refundable fees) to kick start the process and to be sure we are dealing with a serious client. This deposit can be called back if you change your mind, we will honourably refund it 100%. • We will buy a car that has a SECURED AIRBAG. Do you know that 72 percent of cars on Nigerian roads do not have an Airbag? These are the cheapest cars in an auction and that is what the dealers will sell for you after fixing them in Nigeria. They do this because some people just want to buy a car, they see irrespective of the condition. We make sure we do not buy a front damaged car for you. Also, do you know that 34 percent of the car in Nigeria has a flood history and that is why the air-conditioner will never work perfectly? Ordinarily, a good car should have a chilly air-conditioner. • At Awoof cars, we will never buy a severely damaged vehicle for you but you can get a car that has a dent at the back and not in the front because of the engine as advised above. Any car that has had a head-on collision, there is always the tendency that the engine would have been affected. Actually, up to 80 percent of cars in Nigeria has a history of being front damaged. Below is how our services work: • Search for any car of your choice on www.copart.com or www.iaai.com. Send us the Name, model and year of LOT NUMBER of the car you are interested in, or we can help you search and send you two different pictures and you will have to choose anyone you like but we may have to advise you on your budget and also advise professionally on any car you choose. NO CAR BELOW 1 MILLION NAIRA. • You pay for only PURCHASE and SHIPPING after we have won the bid and our company shall be responsible for trucking and clearing payment which the invoice will be sent to you after delivery to the shipper or you can just make use of our license to buy while you do everything yourself through your contact in USA which includes shipping, tracking, and clearing and you pay us 200 Dollars fees only. We then send you the bill of lading after 3-4 weeks and our delivery duration is 40 days as we ship by Grimardli and other shipping companies. You can also make payment directly to the auction from Nigeria if you want. It is time to stop concluding that a car is good when the body is neat but its the time to start looking at the above-stated reasons. Basically, the car we import will serve you for the next 5 years if you know how to maintain a car as they sometimes come with MANUAL but not all the time. And these cars are like new but it has been used by a few users in the USA and you will see the history through the VIN CHECK REPORT. We want to thank those who have done business with us from Port Harcourt, Abuja and Northern Nigeria and those who have visited our office. Those that have sent money without coming and those who have just placed their order, as we urge them to keep referring us to their relatives, friends, colleagues, and associates. Only the company account is allowed to be paid into and not in any individual account. For those people asking us to open office in Abuja. Good news for them, our office in Abuja and Portharcourt shall be opened really soon as many of our happy clients are looking out for us in that regard. Visit our website today to get started, or walk into our main office in Lagos to interact with our experienced customer service Officer. AWOOF CAR AUCTION LIMITED. 35B ABISOGUN LEIGH, OGBA IKEJA, Lagos @back of excellence hotel. Customer Service: 01-2911515, 08023851599 WhatsApp- 08023851599 Website- www.awoofcarsauction.com Email- info@awoofcarsauction.com Manager email imadegbelo@awoofcarsauction.com MD Direct- complaint@awoofcarsauction.com Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases. 