The Nigeria police has come under attack over the closure of the venue of the birthday party of Popular Nigerian cross-dresser, Idris Okuneye popularly known as Bobrisky. DAILY POST had reported that the Nigeria police raided a nude party organised by Bobrisky in Lekki area of Lagos State. Bobrisky put up the party in celebration of his 28th birthday, but it was disrupted by the Nigeria Police, who invaded the place and dispersed guests. The cross-dresser, who recently revealed that he has cut off his penis left the event centre before the police stormed the place. However, the action of the Nigeria police has stirred reactions from Nigerians on social media who have described the move against Bobrisky as a misplaced action. Some Nigerians lamented the myriad of problems in the country yet to be addressed by the police, saying it was a misplaced priority to have mobilized many officers against Bobrisky who is not a national threat. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter… @Drjoeabbah “I have often said that we are one of the most discriminatory nations on earth. Today alone, it was the arrest of 123 “Okada riders from the north”, the people dismissing traditional medicine practitioners, and now we are deploying 100 police officers because of Bobrisky.” @Tommy_k_ “Sooo I had 100 policemen were deployed to Bobriskys birthday event centre, is this where we’ve gotten to now, where there are criminals everywhere roaming freely but it’s someone’s birthday they’re after joke rubbish.” @Xeenarh “Nigeria will always be a joke. While motorists including students, legislators, judges and police themselves are being kidnapped, the force decided that the best use of FIFTY police officers today was to close down Bobrisky’s birthday party.” @Ayobankole “Somehow, in the middle of all our endless myriad of problems in this country, Bobrisky has become our government’s priority.” @Marvellouz01 “Though this is not our major problem in Nigeria today but the way police responded was good. Every law of the land must be kept. Police should please enforce the law that gives all Nigerians right to life. Insecurity in the land is too alarming.” @Ipglow “Bobrisky has rights and that must be respected.” @Realfreebornz “Why huh? Nigerian police should stop this joke and unlock the venue immediately, Bobrisky is not our problem Na APC and their kinsmen herdsmen.” @DrEffab “Instead of the Police to go to Buhari’s Katsina to fish out bandits.” @Realitydidthis “I live in a “country” where the “police” let men who rape 2-year-olds pay four figures and walk out the same day, but Bobrisky (a trans woman who legally isn’t even breaking any laws) gets ambushed and arrested on her birthday. That’s my reality.” @Speak4themall “Bobrisky is “risky”. Therefore, he/she is a national threat. The world is laughing at this theatre of the absurd.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.