The Council of Imams and Ulama on Thursday commenced series of special prayers to seek God’s intervention in tackling the alarming state of insecurity in the country. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the council has directed all Imams to commence the Alqunut special prayer in all mosques across the state till further notice. The decision followed a meeting of the council held in Kaduna. Speaking at the meeting, Secretary General, Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI), Dr. Khalid Aliyu, said it was convened to x-ray the sorry state of insecurity and other problems bedeviling Kaduna state, the North and the country at large. “There is an urgent need for religious leaders, Muslim scholars and the Imams, who climb to the pulpit to give sermons to come down very strongly with a spiritual intervention so that the problems can be solved. “The problems are becoming so persistent and refusing the antidote of wiping them away and having in place the restoration of peace and security. “Whatever overpowers man can never overpower Allah, therefore the need for Muslim scholars and Imams to come together, one on one, have heart to heart discussion to check the problems,” he said. He urged scholars to be shining examples to their followers without going out of the confines of their own responsibilities, to be truthful, just and to do that which is good. “It is important for Ulamas to understand that they have a revered position of having the opportunity to counsel whoever comes to the mosque. “Anyone who comes to the mosque will sit down with folded legs and the Imam will climb the pulpit because he has the wisdom to talk to the congregation. “Why then should they reverse it; rather, those providing the counseling will now be those receiving the counseling from people whose thinking is politics,” Aliyu asked. Earlier, Secretary-General of the council, Yusuf Arrigasiyyu, said the meeting was to discuss issues of insecurity and the way forward. “We realized that whatever security challenges we have on ground, the last resort is to go back to Allah. “A lot of resources have been invested on security, but there are still cases of crimes being committed. “We believe that if Allah touches the hearts of those perpetrators, one day we will wake up and find either less or no case of kidnapping in the state and the country at large,” he said. The Secretary noted that the issue of insecurity has crippled not only the economy, noting that individuals were now afraid to travel at any time of the day for fear of their lives and property. “That is why we decided to resort back to Allah, to seek for forgiveness and also encourage the Ulamas to pray and also encourage their followers to pray so that Allah will intervene,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.