The National Assembly Election Petition Tribunal sitting in Makurdi, the Benue State capital, Wednesday upheld the February 23, 2019 election of Senator Abba Moro. Steve Lawani, candidate of the All Progressives Congress in the last senatorial election, had approached the tribunal to challenge the victory of Comrade Moro at the poll. Moro had polled 85,162, votes to defeat Lawani, who garnered 47,972 votes. Delivering Judgement on Wednesday, Chairman of the three-man panel of the election tribunal, Honourable Justice A.A Adeleye, who read the unanimous decision of the panel, held that the petition was lacking in merit, of no substance, based on hearsay and documentary hearsay. Reacting to the Judgement, Comrade Moro said the court’s verdict has further confirmed that he was overwhelmingly voted by the good people of Benue South to represent them at the Senate. Speaking shortly after the ruling, Moro, a former Minister of Interior, described the judgement as victory for democracy and the good people of Benue South. According to Moro, the ruling has further confirmed the mandate given to him by the people of the senatorial district at the polls. “This is the revalidation of the mandate given to me by the good people of Benue South to carry this cross, voice and aspiration to the red chamber of the Senate of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “This is indeed a victory for the good people of Benue South and democracy. “With this verdict, it is now evident that our people truly defied every threats and gang-ups to speak in one voice at the polls, just to get a good representation at the Senate. “Apparently, further attempt to deprive them of good leadership through political backdoors has been laid to rest by the Judiciary in the illuminating Judgement today. “We thank the good people of Benue South for their unalloyed support before, during and after the elections. “We want to reiterate commitment to our campaign mantra which is, ‘BETTER TOMORROW’ for the people or Benue South.” “Only God gives power and ‘Victory is from God Alone’, as the Vision Statement of the Nigerian Army states.” “This victory is dedicated to the good people of Benue South, who defied rain and sun to vote for me and other candidates of the Peoples Democratic Party during the last election. “To those who contested against me, I think it is time to get down to work. “Elections have come and gone and it is time for governance. ‘The court has spoken, the people have spoken. “I extend my hands of fellowship, friendship and brotherhood to those who contested against me to come join hands with me so we can better the lives of our people because at any point in time, only one person can lead, the people and the Court have spoken; for now, I carry the cross and voice of the people of Benue South Senatorial District. “We are grateful to the judiciary for a sound judgement. The Judiciary is indeed the last hope of the common man.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.