A South-East group, Eastern Consultative Assembly, ECA, has commended Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State over what it called his “demonstration of seriousness to combat insecurity and checkmate rogue herdsmen head on.” It called on other South-East Governors to emulate the Enugu State Government. This was contained in a statement issued on Saturday by Evangelist Elliot Ugochukwu-Uko, Secretary-General of the group. Ugochukwu-Uko, who is also the founder, gbo Youth Movement (IYM), said “the tight structure of the newly created forest guards and the radio equipment provided them is assuring.” He added that The immediate recruitment of thousands of able bodied young people, equipped with brand new vehicles and autobikes is comforting. “We have dutifully criticised in the past, therefore it is only fair and just that we commend,when the government does the right thing. “We are also happy to note that all over the state, the people’s mood has changed from fear and trepidation to gladness and hope. “Hope that it would be difficult for unscrupulous herdsmen to overrun our peaceful hamlets and communities. “The total coverage of all the wards and villages in the state by this novel outfit is reassuring to the people. “We therefore plead with the other sister-states to copy immediately, in order to secure our region from blood thirsty killers, whom we believe will find it extremely difficult to terrorize our communities any more. “The brilliant move by Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi to quietly seek out a response to the quite embarrassing incessant assaults and attacks on our people has earned him respects, as a doer and not a talker. “His strategy and style of patiently articulating a solution to the problem rather than respond to the tantrums of uninformed commentators has placed him as a leader in a class of his own. We say kudos to the governor, as we hope this move will finally put to an end disturbing incursions into our communities by unwelcome troublemakers.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.