The Buhari-Osinbajo 2019 Independent Campaign Network (BICN) in Ondo State has dissociated the group from rallies being staged in support of Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo’s purportedly for his 2023 presidential ambition. Some youths under the aegis of Southwest Youth Congress (SYC) had on Thursday in Akure, the state capital, marched round the town, calling on the people to support “good leadership, courage and drive”. A statement on Friday by a BCIN leader, Michael Omotoso, described the “street dance” as a “childish charade” sponsored by enemies of Nigeria with the sole objective of sowing seeds of discord in the presidency. He said: “This is a sponsored project and Prof. Yemi Osinbajo is the target. The game plan is to portray the VP as over-ambitious. “It is obvious to the blind and audible to the deaf that the preoccupation of Prof. Osinbajo is the success of his principal, President Muhammadu Buhari. “We have learnt that the sponsors of these campaigns are planning to spread Osinbajo’s posters all over the South West. They however forgot that the people can easily see through their infantile antics. “We did not see these people during the 2019 general election campaign. Suddenly now that fifth columnists are working to damage the unity in the presidency, they emerged from nowhere purportedly to promote Osinbajo for 2023”. Omotosho further condemned the “evil-doers” for allowing themselves to be used by politicians who see the VP’s “loyalty to his boss as a threat to their influence”. Meanwhile, All Progressives Congress (APC) Governors have stated that there is no crack in the presidency. Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, spoke on Thursday at the inauguration of the Progressives Governors Forum (PGF) Media and Communications Programme Steering Committee in Abuja. According to him, both the president and the vice-president are still working together harmoniously. “I think it exists in the realm of gossip and rumours”, Samwo-olu, who was represented by his deputy Obafemi Hamzat, said. “The vice-president went to Zimbabwe to represent this country. It was the prerogative of Mr. President to go but he nominated him.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.