As a parent or student, you are probably thinking, why should I choose China over UK, Canada, or any other European country. Isn’t China the country of fake products, fake clothes, fake phones and fake goods? The answer is a resounding NO! The truth is, while there used to be fake items manufactured by Chinese companies in the past, China has risen beyond the above-mentioned stereotypes. Today China as the largest economy in the world, is a major investor in almost all African countries including Nigeria, and its companies are establishing significant influence in almost all facet of the society. If not for any other reason, wouldn’t you like your child to learn how the Chinese people think, work, grow and develop themselves? Here are even more obvious reasons you should consider sending your ward to Study in China. 1. THE WORLD ECONOMY IS SHIFTING TOWARD CHINA As the world economy changes and is increasingly produced and consumed in Asia, the point of global economic gravity is shifting eastward. By 2025, it will be somewhere in Russia. And after that, the shift to the east will continue until it finally rests somewhere in India or even further east. And so, when studying in China, you are going to put yourself where economic opportunities will come. That means that by registering to study there you are not only getting an education. It also ensures that you are able to take advantage of the economic opportunities that exist. 2. ITS CHEAPER COMPARED WITH WESTERN COUNTRIES Living cost is not the only item that’s considered cheap in China, but so are the tuition fees you will pay for a university there. In general, its costs remain much lower than in the western world. Ranging between 700,000 Naira to 3Million naira, however tuition for courses like Medicine and Surgery (MBBS) usually hover around 1.8 Million per year while Engineering, pharmacy and other courses are generally around 1 Million Naira depending on the University.
That won’t always remain that way, but if you’re going to study in China now, you’ll get a world class education for a fraction of what it would be in the western countries. That means you can finish your education without burying yourself under a mountain of debt. 3. THE BEST UNIVERSITIES ARE BEING BUILT IN CHINA According to the UNESCO Institute for Statistics, the United States and the United Kingdom host about 40,000 African students a year. China surpassed this figure in 2014, making it the second largest destination for African students abroad after France, which hosts just over 95,000 students. The truth is that there is an educational boom in China, with increasingly competitive schools and universities that can be opened on the world stage every year. And as the economy continues to grow at breakneck speed, those universities will continue to open their doors and join the list of the best universities in China. Carpa Education as an education consultancy has professional years of experience enrolling students into these Chinese universities. 4. OPPORTUNITY TO LEARN A NEW LANGUAGE Chinese is one of the most spoken languages in the world and being able to speak it will also give you access to one of the largest and fastest growing markets in the world. But since it is a relatively difficult language for those raised in the Indo-European language group, that means it will be difficult to learn from your home. The best way to learn the language is full immersion during the years when you study in China. 5. THE FUTURE IS IN CHINA The future is in Asia and more importantly in China. That’s where all the action is going to be. So, if you want to be part of that, the best thing you can do is go there and see for yourself. Don’t just go to China to study random courses. It’s the best opportunities to learn technology driven courses like Robotics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Cyber Security, Internet of Things, Marine Engineering etc.
Even better, as you are young you will have the best opportunity to adapt to the new environment. So, contact Carpa Education to study in China, it will be worth your time. 6. GIVE YOUR CHILD EARLY INTERNATIONAL EXPOSURE. You might think that rather than send your child to study in China, you might prefer a local private university. However, you must also bear in mind that, university education doesn’t just end in the classroom. Friendships, networking and lasting bonds also do mater. At about the same price as a local private school, you can give your ward an international education and a better world view. 7. REPUTATION OF UNIVERSITIES. It’s now common knowledge that all Nigerian Universities are listed blow 1000 in the 2019 world Universities ranking except one Nigerian University. However, it’s worth noting that a whooping 108 Chinese Universities are within the top 1000 universities in the world. All of which Carpa Education has direct partnerships with to enroll your children. While not all Chinese universities are great, it’s our duty to advice you on the best universities and place you in a world class university that you will be proud of. Finally, if you ever consider studying in China, do not hesitate to give us a call at 07088660078 or 08080808718 or send us an email at edu@carpaeducation.com and we will match you with a suitable university, we recommend you start now to enroll for next year as there are limited seats each year due to high demand. Carpa Education is an Education Agency with global recognition and reputation – we provide consultation and advice to Students who desire to pursue higher education abroad. We believe that education is a fundamental right, and everyone should have access to quality higher education. With this view in mind, we strive to create opportunities for those who have genuine aspiration and honest intention, who seek high quality education, great academic experience, unparalleled student services, globally recognizable qualifications and career prospects post qualification after studying in their chosen destination countries. We work in the best interest of both students and our partner universities and colleges – we are professional and reliable. We follow the British Council’s “Guide to Good Practice for Education Agents” in our conducts and the Principles of ”London Statement”. Our activities also incorporate guidelines of Study UK, ICEF, CCEA and other professional bodies. In addition to the professional code of conducts, we observe ethical, moral and personal values to maintain high standards in our work. To learn more about how to study in China, UK, Canada, Turkey, or other European Countries visit our website www.carpaeducation.com http://carpaeducation.com/study-in-china-consultation/?fbclid=IwAR2ljSmcp7o0iJZSV1MdmV_gVmp6JAOYisffhyMhHUWj-z2Vtj_eR2m7Rr4 Or reach us on Social Media channels http://facebook.com/carpaeducation http://instagram.com/carpa.education
Or Visit our Office at
183, Ikot Ekpene road, Uyo, Akwa Ibom state.   Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.