The Ogun State Traffic Compliance and Enforcement (TRACE) Corps has advised motorists to make use of alternative routes in view of the imminent closure of inbound Lagos traffic along the Lagos-Ibadan Highway for reconstruction and rehabilitation work on the 600km stretch of the corridor to be carried out from Berger (New Garage Bus Stop) to Ogun River (Kara Bridge). Starting from tomorrow, September 2, the road would be shut down and TRACE recommended that motorists make use of the following alternative roads:
Iyana Ipaja/Ota/Ifo/Abeokuta/Sagamu-Benin Ore expressway. V/Island/ Lekki/ Epe/ Ijebu-Ode-Benin/Ore expressway. Ikorodu/ Itoikin/ Ijebu-Ode-Benin/ Ore expressway. Until December 15, motorists are apprised of the need to plan their journey, add more time to their travelling time and take necessary precaution. A statement signed by the TRACE Corps Public Relations Officer, Cdr Babatunde Akinbiyi on Sunday, said “From Monday, 2nd September, 2019, inbound traffic (movement) from Kara Bridge to Berger would be sealed off and diverted into the same carriageway along the Expressway conveying traffic outbound Lagos, thereby making both inbound and outbound traffic to be accommodated on the same section of the Expressway. Moreover, traffic will then be diverted back into the road going inward Lagos at Berger intersection linking River Valley Estate, where normal journey resumes inward Lagos.” Akinbiyi informed that outbound Lagos traffic would be divided into two lanes, both ways from the intersection linking Isheri/Olowora Kara Bridge, where the road diversion ends and normalcy resumes inward Sagamu. “In the light of the foregoing, the motoring public is hereby admonished to be patient, maintain lane discipline, avoid driving in a direction prohibited by traffic law (One Way), cooperate and show understanding with Traffic Managers (TRACE, FRSC, NSCDC and the POLICE), as they ply the diversion route which has been graded (Ogun River Bridge Underpass), to facilitate, guarantee and ensure free flow of traffic. “Moreover, Julius Berger PLC has assured of measures to assuage the fears of road users by displaying advanced warning signs of road narrowing, speed restriction signs, as well as, make sure that flagmen are always present. “In addition, flash lights would be displayed at night and provide emergency response crew on standby, just as response time would be minimised by well established lines of communication among various agencies involved in the operation,” the state reads in part. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.