Big Brother Naija 2019, BBNaija, housemate, Tacha, has stirred reactions online for attacking fellow housemate, Seyi. Tacha had on Sunday during BBNaija live eviction show claimed Seyi has not achieved what she has at the age of 23. Taking a swipe at Seyi while speaking to Ebuka Obi-Uchendu, Tacha stressed that Seyi’s age does not mean he has sense, adding that ‘Wisdom is not in age’ Likewise, Seyi described Tacha as a “silly little girl who tries to act gangster.” Tacha’s ‘achievement’ statement has since stirred reactions from BBNaija fans on Twitter, who drew comparisons between Tacha and Seyi’s achievements outside BBNaija house. Here are some reactions gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Officialnancey “Tacha came from a regular Nigerian middle class family (correct me if am wrong) Uncle Seyi came from a well-known Family that their name alone will automatically open doors for you so yea if he hadn’t been Awolowo’s grandson.” @Wizman4 “Tacha’s achievements at 23 are
1.A tattoo of Davido on her chest
2.Bleaching.
3.Twerking. The list is unending.” @AdebiyiDeeone “Seyi has starred in several TV commercials. Featured on several organization commercials like; Etisalat, Herbal toothpaste, Broken casts and crew. He was also involved in the campaign for former Governor Ambode.
Seyi is a PhD holder. Tell me, what has Tacha has achieved.” @Phabpresh “If not for Big Brother, Tacha can never get close to Seyi, let’s fact be facts, only Seyi name alone would open doors for him, which reputable brands will want to get involved with an Instagram twerker who talks shit, if not for Instagram. @Verablingz “Without his generational name Seyi wouldn’t be anywhere close to the Big Brother house nor gotten any shit in life at all. Tacha was able to get something without a generational name. She worked hard even if na by going semi nude on instagram.” @Ajaosinmisola “Tacha said what she has achieved at 23 Seyi hasn’t achieved it, I guess she knows nothing about him. Please Tacha tell us your achievements apart from the celebrity tattoo on your chest to gain attention.” @Tcarmen22 “I was about to be angry at Tacha (Still is) until I remembered Seyi said hurtful things to Tacha this early Sunday morning and she surprisingly didn’t insult him back. This tonight was her pepper him day. As Ebuka said, dish what you can take too.” @Holabizy “seems people don’t understand this whole Seyi and Tacha thing..We are not asking Tacha not to dish it out to Seyi, we’re simply saying her responses aren’t always technical. It only shows emptiness! @Kolaibi07 “She should just shut up! He became a medical doctor at 23 and have already got a name for himself through adverts in Coca Cola and etisalat! Olosho Tacha should shut up! Educationally she is inferior to Seyi.” @Sharonstar202 “But aside from Seyi’s surname, what has he really achieved. Dude is always bragging with his grand dad’s name.” @DYJBNL_com “Seyi should have used the PhD to go do something else instead of going for big brother I stand with Tacha today.” @iam_acronym “So Tacha thinks because Seyi doesn’t have the likes and followers on Instagram, he is a nobody. Mama said if not for Big Brother in his life. Should we tell her? @Mr_Asiwaju “This BBNaija shows how Nigerians are not consistent with criticism, I was expecting to see people bash Seyi for labeling Tacha a puto, a dead brain, a child and a Twat, and how he’s achieved several things at her age, Tacha basically reacted the same way, what’s the fuss ? Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.