Six day after he and his colleagues regained their freedom from their abductors, Chairman of the Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP), at the Oyo State College of Agriculture and Technology, Igbo Ora, Mr. Oluyide Opadijo, has opened up in their ordeals in the hands of their abductors. DAILY POST gathered that Opadijo and three other staff of the Oyo State College of Agriculture and Technology, Igbo Ora and one other person were kidnapped permitlate Thursday along Iseyin-Igbo Ora Road, on their way back from a meeting of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of unions in all the six Oyo state owned tertiary institutions, held at the Oke-Ogun Polytechnic, Saki. They were subsequently released last Saturday evening. But, the Chairman of the union, Mr. Opadijo while breaking silence, thanked the media, security agencies and other stakeholders who contributed to their release. Opadijo in a statement made available to DAILY POST Friday afternoon, urged the federal government under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari and the state Governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde to use resources available in their disposals to secure the lives and property of the citizens. He also urged members of the union not to relent, vowing to continued in his struggle for the liberation of the members. Opadijo in his statement entitled, “Thank you message, Appreciation said, “On behalf of us, the abductees, I wish to immeasurably appreciate all for solidly standing by us to get us rescued from our captors. “We appreciate your concerns, relentless prayers, and prompt financial contributions. We appreciate the quick intervention of the Oyo state Government, Oyo and Ogun states Police commands,the gallantry and moral support of the College Management, the College Unions-ASUP;SSANIP and NASU, the JAC-led by our own, Comrade Oyewumi and immediate past JAC Chairman Comrade Babatunde Adeniyi, all the Ibarapa communities, especially the traditional rulers, the media, the vigilante hunters, students, families and friends; and indeed every individual within and outside the College Community. “Be assured, Sirs and Mas, that the unfortunate incident shall not weigh us down in our resolve to ensure better welfare for all our members. Instead, It has energized us the more to continue to fight for our rights and seek the overall development of our dear College. “Life is a warfare. If you give up, you go out, but if you push on, you will push through”. “I use this opportunity to appeal to Governments, at all levels, to rejig our security architecture to jealously secure the lives and property of the citizenry. “Oyo state police, and all other law enforcement agencies, should do more to rid every road, nook and cranny of the state, especially in Ibarapaland, off all criminal elements. “Once again, I say thank you all.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.