The Ekiti State House of Assembly, has appealed to those living in flood-proned areas across the state to relocate in compliance with the warnings and prediction of Nigeria meteorological Agency (NIMET) that more torrential downpour is underway. The assembly said relocating to a safer areas would be of tremendous help in saving the lives of the people and spare the state of mourning over its beloved ones . The Deputy Speaker of the Assembly, Hon. Hakeem Jamiu, who also represents Irepodun/Ifelodun constituency II, gave the charge on Sunday while assessing the level of damage done by flood in Iworoko area of his constituency. The Deputy Speaker, who was at a students’ hostel in Iworoko Ekiti, partly submerged by water, commended Governor Kayode Fayemi for distributing relief materials to the affected students of Ekiti State University. He also charged the residents of the state to desist from dumping refuse in drainages and cease from erecting structures on waterways. “NIMET has predicted that there will be heavy downpour in August and September in some states of the federal, including Ekiti state and sensitizing our people in this regard will our first legislative duty as we resumed from our recess. “The first motion we moved was that the residents should brace up for the coming heavy rainfall. We also appealed to our people not to dump refuse or build houses on waterways , because these are the causes of this devastating flooding”, he said. Jamiu noted that the ravaging effects of the flood could have been mitigated, if the residents have not been blocking waterways, drainages and canals. The Deputy Speaker expressed Government’s resolve to dredge some streaks and rivers; like Omosuo, Ureje and Ogbese, calling on the residents to play their part at ensuring to guide against flooding in the nearest future. “The government would provide succour for those who were rendered homeless by the flood. But I want to warn the residents to guide against indiscriminate disposal of waste in the drains in the nearest future. “Arrangements have been put on the top gear to sensitise the residents on the effects of dumping refuse on waterways, canals and drains on radio and television in the state. The lawmaker, who visited the affected areas of the constituency alongside the Local Government Chairman, Hon. Dapo Olagunju, said he would convey the plights of the victims to the state government, having evaluated the extent of the damage and that of the property destroyed . He pledged that the state government would accelerate the distribition of more relief materials to the victims of the natural disaster. Some victims of the incident, Abdulhakeem Aroba and Ahmed Sodiq who were EKSU students, pleaded with the state government for help and support. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.