Mavin producer, Don Jazzy has commended President Muhammadu Buhari for appointing a new economic team. DAILY POST had reported that Buhari on Monday, constituted an Economic Advisory Council (EAC), dissolving the previous led by Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo. The Presidency had said that the new team is made up of the following: Prof. Doyin Salami – Chairman; Dr. Mohammed Sagagi – Vice-Chairman; Prof. Ode Ojowu – Member; Dr. Shehu Yahaya – Member; Dr. Iyabo Masha – Member; Prof. Chukwuma Soludo – Member; Mr. Bismark Rewane – Member; Dr. Mohammed Adaya Salisu – Secretary (Senior Special Assistant to the President, Development Policy). Reacting, Don Jazzy, while describing the appointees as ‘ brightest minds said they deserved the appointment. He, however, advised the Buhari led-government to prioritize the development of Nigeria’s Human Development Index, HDI. He wrote on Instagram, ”Appointees in the new Economic Advisory Council are some of the brightest minds we have in the country and their appointments are well-deserved. ”Hopefully, the government’s reposed trust in their expertise would have positive effects on the economy. However, I would advise the govt. to prioritize the development of our HDI in this term. Substantial funds should be earmarked in our fiscal budgets to improve our Education and Health sectors in compliance with WHO and UNESCO. Bill Gates sounded this note of warning in a meeting with the National Economic council one year ago, faulting the Economic Recovery and Growth Plan(ERGP) which doesn’t prioritize human capacity development. ”I understand people would be wondering how this would affect our economy positively. Let’s consider this. In the south here where Education is considered to be very important in many families, parents spend a lot of money on educating their children. ”Many of these parents are civil servants who only rely on their salaries in these times when the minimum wage is a meagre $83.5. These parents are forced to take different loans to educate their offspring and keep them healthy, thereby making their monthly net income to be insufficient. ” This is one of the reasons why more people keep slipping into extreme poverty everyday. Almost half of the population is already in abject penury and all hands must be on deck to avoid the worse.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.