Several persons; including an Assistant Superintendent of Police were killed on Tuesday evening when suspected kidnappers ambushed Abuja bound Sharon car from Port Harcourt. The incident, which occurred within Koton-Karfe axis of Kogi State left several others with bullet wounds. DAILY POST gathered that all occupants of another Toyota Camry car coming from Ibadan to Abuja, who tried to escape after running into the kidnapping scene sustained various degrees of injuries. According to an escapee, who never wanted his name mentioned, “Our vehicle together with four other occupants of a Toyota Camry were coming from Ibadan and heading towards Abuja when suddenly we sighted some young men about 2 kilometers ahead in military camouflage with black mask on stopping vehicles. “Some of the occupants of those vehicles stopped had already been marched into the bush. A Sharon car coming from Port Harcourt on sighting them tried to escape but got shot at which deflated its tyres while the car somersaulted, killing all its occupants. “It was at this point we noticed that they may be kidnappers, our driver then engaged the reverse gear and they started firing at our car. “The driver was hit on the shoulder with bullets coming out at the other side and hit the man at the back seat on the head.” The lucky escapees said that they drove straight to the Gegu police station, who visited the scene and arranged for their being taken to Kotin-Karfe general hospital from where they were taken to the Federal Medical Center, Lokoja. He said that the driver has been referred to National Hospital, Abuja while the occupants at the back seat who sustained bullet wounds on the head have been referred to the University College Hospital, Ibadan to have the bullets lodged in his head removed. The state Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Busari, confirmed the incident to our correspondent on Wednesday. CP Busari said that he got a report that a car stopped by kidnappers dressed in camouflage was shot at which made it to somersaulted killing all occupants, including an Assistant Superintendent of Police from Edo state. He said investigation had been opened into the incident. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.