The Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, has declared that the police are currently waging war against criminals involved in the act of kidnappings and banditry by flushing them out of their hideouts. According to him, the Police were more than ready to stamp out criminality from every part of Nigeria and ultimately protect lives and property of the citizenry. He disclosed this while fielding questions from journalists at the Governor’s office in Osogbo, the Osun State capital during a visit to the state as part of efforts to engage stakeholders within the South West geopolitical zone on better way to fight insecurity in the region. Adamu, while assuring residents of the state of safety said police have concluded plans to raid the identified bandits’ den where kidnapping activities are being carried out. Speaking on the outcome of his engagement with critical stakeholders on security during a summit held in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital on Monday, the Police boss said there was a resolution at the meeting to send special forces who are indigenes of states within the zone to their localities for better performance due to familiarity with the terrains. “We are specifically ready to target the forests where there are bandits and kidnappers. So that war can be taken to their den before they strike. “It was also resolved to work with other securities; more or less like vigilantes to work with us and fight crime as the Governors have pledged to continue to support law enforcement agencies in their fight against crime by buying vehicles and other logistics. “I am delighted to note that the strategies jointly developed between the strategic community actors and the Police which are currently being implemented have been effective in addressing the identified security threats in the geopolitical zone. “This is evident by the fact that since the meeting, the rate of crime has not only dropped drastically, several bandits have voluntary renounced crime, submitted their weapons and released several victims that had hitherto been kidnapped and held in their camps across the Zone”. The Governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola, in his remarks, expressed delight in the present security measures in the zone as he commended the IGP for taking proactive steps to curb insecurity. “The visit of the IGP is to reassure our people to take security very serious; when you see the number one police officer in the state, that shows that he is particularly concern about the issue of the security “I also want to reassure our people that the IGP is on top of the security situation in Nigeria.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.