The All Progressives Congress (APC) on Thursday boasted that the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and its candidate for the 2019 presidential election, Atiku Abubakar, will still lose the election petition case they took to the Supreme Court. This claim was made by the APC’s National Publicity Secretary, Mallam Lanre Issa-Onilu in a press conference at the party’s national headquarters. The party also reacted to the claim by the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) that Federal Government has ordered onslaught against judges in Nigeria in form of a request from the Nigerian Financial Intelligence Unit (NFIU) that all banks release details of bank accounts of all justices of the Supreme Court.  The APC said, “Ideally, we would not have responded to the so-called CUPP which is just an arm of PDP. Faced with the challenges that we currently have in this country, it is a complete waste of time to respond to charlatans. “But of you listened to the contents of the press conference they recently had, they said things that are very baffling and very disturbing and you at wish to ask yourself if these people are true Nigerians and if they mean well for the country. “Because when you disparage state institutions and you talk down and try to undermine an important institution such as the Judiciary, that is something that we should all be worried about and that is why we are responding to this. “It is not in our practice to arm-twist any institution whatsoever, least of them the Judiciary. We understand the importance of this arm of government; we understand that we are all surviving and living on the rule of law, and the only way to undermine the order and security of a nation is to undermine the Judiciary. “By the time you strangulate these judicial officers, then you are charting a path to the collapse of the institution that we all rely upon to survive as a nation. So, it is clearly not our practice but we also understand where PDP is coming from. “We understand that for 16 years, that has been the practice and perhaps they imagine that this is the instrument that any other political party would want to apply. We don’t need to strangulate the Judiciary and we don’t need to undermine any institution. We don’t need to disparage the Judiciary. And the issues before the Judiciary about the elections are clear. “We have an unprecedented delivery of judgment at the presidential tribunal the other time and so we are all happy to know that the PDP has taken the next step by going further to the Supreme Court and we are meeting them there. It is unfortunate that they cannot create new issues. “All the issue they have, have been put on the table and they don’t hold water. That is why they failed woefully at the tribunal. So, they still have this opportunity to repeat that failure,” he boasted. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.