The Nigerian Army has assured residents of Borno State of protection during Juma’at prayer. Many locals of Gajiram town of Borno state in the northeast Nigeria were apprehensive and became reluctant to attend Juma’at service in their various mosques following reports of terrorists’ plan to attack /invade Gajiram town. A statement by Col Ado Isa, Deputy Director Army Public Relations, said the situation prompted the Army to conduct inductrinatory preaching to address the people’s before observing the Friday congregational prayers today, The statement said, “on receipt of the information/report, the Commander Sector 3, Operation Lafiya Dole (OPLD)/Multi-National Joint Task Force (MNJTF), Major-General AB Biu, directed his Artillery Brigade, Brigadier commander-Brig Gen JAL Jimoh, to move to Gajiram and reassure residents of the town of Army’s readiness to protect them and their properties in Gajigaram and its surrounding areas. “While in the community (Gajiram), Brig Gen Jimoh, further urged them to go about their normal activities and legitimate businesses peacefully, without any fear. “Consequently, there was large turn-out of the residents for the Jumuat prayer with Brig Gen JAL Jimoh, and other Muslim officers and soldiers in attendance. Including the Commander of the Chadian troops under the MNJTF. “The prayers was hitch-free. Brig Gen Jimoh through a Kanuri interpreter addressed the people, reassured them of their safety. “He solicited for the support and cooperation of the community by providing credible information on the movements and activities of the fleeing criminals hibernating in the area. “At the moment, security situation in Gajiram is fully under control, while military patrols have also been intensified. “Further plan to project the joint forces is already under way, with the troops morale and fighting spirit very high occasioned by the latest successes against the BH/ISWAP criminals and marauders among other reasons,” the statement said. It could be recalled that, Gajiram town has been a target of continuous attack by the Boko Haram militants, who in the past weeks have invaded the area thereby causing many residents to flee for their safety. Although the military in a recent release claimed the insurgents are now fleeing, residents of communities around Borno said, militants have continued to deny them the privilege of peace owing to their increasing activities and daring attacks on communities mostly left unattended by security forces. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.