The senior Pastor of the Awaiting The Second Coming Of Jesus Christ Gospel Church, pastor Adewale Giwa has described the judgement by the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal as judgement against the majority of Nigerians. The cleric said the Holy Spirit kept disturbing him to say this in a statement he signed and made available to DAILY POST on Saturday. According to him, those in power had trampled on the wishes of Nigerians. He specifically pointed out that Nigerians had already accepted their fate after the presidential election, stressing that the judges at the election tribunal only came to add ‘salt to the soup’. “Whatever exists has already been named, and what humanity is has been known; no one can contend with someone who is stronger, according to Ecclesiastes 6:10. “If Nigerians can endure bad governance over the years, they can definitely endure anything they witness in a short period of time ahead. People are stronger now and they cannot be intimidated. “There is always light at the end of the tunnel. The truth is that only the party members and leaders were actually expecting justice from the court, not ordinary Nigerians on the streets or elites. “Ordinarily, I should not have talked on this issue, but the Holy Spirit keeps disturbing me. “Nigeria is not yet a country where a sitting president can be removed over electoral offences. Until we get it right and throw away the 1999 constitution we still rely upon. “This is sad that the court is turning against each other, this is sad that people can no longer get justice and this is sad that the people have lost confidence in their political and religious leaders. “Right now for those who believe and walk according to the teachings of our Lord Jesus Christ, all we need is to be praying for the kingdom of God to come, and we should always do what is right at the right time. There is no one to rely on, the nation is rising against each other, killings, injustice pervade the country. This is a sign for us Christians to start preparing for the kingdom of God”, Giwa said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.