People wailed uncontrollably on Tuesday evening in Iworoko Ekiti, Irepodun/Ifelodun local government area of Ekiti State, as a female student of the Ekiti State University Ado Ekiti (EKSU) identified as Bukola Odeyemi, allegedly stabbed her boyfriend, John Iju, to death. The murder, according to eyewitnesses, occurred at Treasure Base Hostel in Iworoko Ekiti. Findings revealed that the 20- year old Odeyemi is a 300 level student of the Department of Biology Education while the deceased, who was 22, was also an EKSU student. Witnesses said the incident occurred at about 10am at night and the fracas was said to have broken out after the suspect had demanded a sum N2,500 from the deceased to plait her hair in the saloon, which the victim had turned down. A source said: “the refusal of the boyfriend to meet up with her demand resulted in hot argument, which angered the lady and they started fighting. “During the fight, the lady saw a sharp knife on the tray and immediately brought it out and stabbed the deceased on the chest. “The deceased who could not survive the deep cut fell on the floor with blood oozing out of his body. The people around there cried for help but that could not help. The man died on the spot”. The deceased’s friends were said to have rushed to the police station at Iworoko to report the case. Speaking with journalists on the telephone, the Police Public Relations Officer, Ekiti State Command, DSP Caleb Ikechukwu confirmed the incident. He added that that the suspect had been arrested and was now being detained at the police headquarters. Ikechukwu explained that investigation had begun into the matter and the suspect will be charged to court as soon as his men conclude their findings. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More