A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Enugu State, Hon. Alolphus Ude has chided the chairman of the party in Enugu State, Dr. Ben Nwoye over a recent media statement on developments in the party. DAILY POST reports that the chapter chairmen of the 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) had condemned what they described as poor reward system in the party. They lamented that even founders of the party and those who laboured to secure victory for the party at various levels had been abandoned and, while outsiders reap where they did not sow. They had claimed that APC faithful across the country had been confronted with shame, dejection and humiliation of various degrees; stating categorically that the entire party structure has been neglected. The communiqué was signed by the chairman and secretary of the forum, Ali Bukar Bolari and Ben Nwoye. The duo are chairmen of the party in Borno and Enugu states respectively. However, reacting, Ude said Nwoye and his colleagues were exceeding their boundaries and should be sanctioned by the party. Ude, who was also the coordinator, President Muhammadu Buhari campaign in Enugu State during the 2019 election, said Forum of State chairmen was not recognized by the APC Constitution as an organ of the party. He told journalists that “we the concerned members of the APC are again jolted by the divisive statement issued by Ben Nwoye and his group where they stopped at nothing in their futile attempt to desecrate the party and its leadership. “It is even more annoying considering that they are hiding under a nonexistent entity. A check on APC Constitution shows that the group being bandied around does not exist as an organ of the party.” Ude said it was embarrassing that “some people would hide under such cover to dish out ultimatums to the party hierarchy. “Where was Nwoye and his forum when people in the likes of the minister of foreign affairs, Mr. Geoffrey Onyeama were campaigning for President Muhammadu Buhari. “Based on this, we call on all those involved to tender unreserved apology to the party’s leadership. Failure to do so, appropriate sanctions should be meted on them.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.