Dr. Chidia Maduekwe, the Managing Director of Nigeria Film Corporation and chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), has berated the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), over its rejection of the judgment of the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal, which dismissed the suit filed by PDP candidate in the last 2019 general elections, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. Atiku and the PDP were challenging the declaration of Muhammadu Buhari by the Independent National Electoral Commission(INEC) as winner of the February 23 presidential poll. DAILY POST reported earlier that the Justice Mohammed Garba,-led Tribunal dismissed Atiku and PDP petition in its entirety.
The tribunal ruled that electronic transfer of results, which was the crux of the opposition’s petition did not take place at any level. But, Maduekwe, in an interview with newsmen while reacting on Thursday, opined that the dismissal of Atiku’s petition by the tribunal has further saved Nigeria from total collapse which the PDP 16 years misrule laid the foundation for. The APC chieftain told the opposition party to forget returning to power, as the Nigeria people are faring much better in the current APC-led federal government’s policies, which anchored on empowering the poor, improving the nation’s economy and security apparatuses. Maduekwe pointed out that Atiku Abubakar has lawful right to appeal the judgment of the Presidential tribunal, boasting that the purported appeal set to file by the opposition PDP will end unfruitful. According to him, “I must commend the Presidential tribunal members for this judgment. The verdict is a victory to our the nation’s democracy and Nigeria people. As you have seen, the tribunal judgment touched all reliefs sought by Atiku and party. It dismissed it in entirety. “The court equally addressed the issue of INEC Server and absolved the electoral umpire(INEC). It also looked into claims of inflation of election results, over-voting and many more, which he(Atiku) alleged in his petition. Nigerians voted for Buhari, because of his tremendous policies that have touched many lives of the Nigeria masses positively. “So, Atiku has right to appeal. But, I will advise him to join hands with President Buhari to complement the tremendous efforts of the APC-led federal government to take Nigeria to the Next Level of development. “Let me also submit that PDP can never come to power again. The party disappointed Nigerians. Nigerians have rejected them. PDP failed in all facets of the nation’s economy. They will never and cannot be allowed again by Nigeria people to return power. “Finally, l congratulate President Buhari over his victory at the Presidential tribunal. The judgment showed the confidence Nigerians have in Buhari-led administration. Because, he believed in rule of law.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.