Sensational Nigerian singer, Davido on Thursday night proposed to his longtime girlfriend Chioma Rowland. Davido proposed to Chioma in London in front of his friends. His proposal which is coming days after introduction with Chioma’s family has stirred reactions from Nigerians on social media . The viral video which showed Davido on his knees while proposing, confirmed that Chioma is pregnant as her ‘baby bump’ was revealed in a black dress. This stirred reactions online as some Nigerians are of the opinion that Davido placed the ring on Chioma because she is pregnant with a boy for him. Others debated his style of proposing after introduction. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Tolutezzy “I thought it was suppose to be propose before introduction” yes you’re right but when you have money like Davido you can do wedding, follow by introduction and then propose as long as both Chioma and Davido love themselves we move.” @A_Nimiyoe_ “Chioma said yes to Davido this ain’t Ghetto love its called Urban love.” @Chinnybaby “Lol if you think Davido only married Chioma to save face because of pregnancy explain the other ring less baby mama’s ? Please shift assurance 2020 was gonna happen regardless.” @Auntyamara “Na wa oooo some of you acting like Davido only proposed because Chioma was pregnant, don’t forget your dad didn’t even propose to your mom. Allow them please.” @Tundacris “friend of mine said he’s really happy for Davido that Chioma said Yes to him.
I was like “were you guys expecting her to say No to him? How is she not going say a Yes in a 30billion times.” @Lovee_nessa “Can’t be happy for people and move along. Davido always wanted to marry Chioma pregnant or not. You all just mad because you were wrong with your prediction that they’ll break up. Hopeless idiots.” @Iam_yhemie “Davido did introduction before proposing. I stan.” @Ezrael_ani “Was Davido thinking Chioma will say no to his proposal ? Lmao, David doesn’t really know who Davido is oh.” @Iamtessyyo “Chioma is pregnant. Thank God she got the ring because her enemies really wanted her as a baby mama.” @Badman_skylar “Everybody are shouting Chioma said yes ,acting surprised. Which Igbo girl can say no to a rich man ? Which? VIDEO:   A post shared by nwachukwu john owen (@realjohn_owen) on Sep 12, 2019 at 9:15pm PDT  Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.