The 2019 governorship candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in Abia state, Dr. Alex Otti, has blasted the Governor Okezie Ikpeazu-led Peoples Democratic Party administration over the current deplorable condition of the people in the state. This is coming barely one week after the Governorship Election Petition Tribunal that sat in Umuahia, the state capital, dismissed Otti and APGA’s petitions which reaffirmed Dr. Okezie Ikpeazu, who was the gubernatorial candidate of Peoples Democratic Party in the March 9, 2019 election held in Abia as the duly elected governor of the state as announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission(INEC). But, Otti, in a statement issued by his Media Assistant, Ferdinand Ekeoma and made available to newsmen, Friday in Aba, pointed out that Ikpeazu government has murdered governance in Abia through its draconian policies, which according to him, was forcefully foisted on the people, as well as subjecting Abia citizens to extreme poverty. The APGA chieftain posited that the governor lacked direction and focus, which have been attributed to incompetence. According to the statement, which read partly, “If Abians didn’t vote for Otti, how come they still repose so much hope, confidence and trust in him, while they regard Okezie Ikpeazu as an accidental usurper in government house, who represents a generational tragedy? If Ikpeazu can win elections, why would he resort to rigging and falsification of results of both elections with the active connivance of INEC in Umuahia? “How can Otti be distracting an Okezie Ikpeazu who himself is distraction personified? Which distraction is worse than assembling sycophants to praise you for doing nothing, and insult and attack your opponents and critics for reminding you what your job should be? Who distracted him from paying salaries to Abia workers for close to one year now? Who distracted him from paying pensioners for the past 32 months? Who distracted him from ridding Aba and Umuahia of refuse dumps, such that the horrible pictures we see everyday will be a thing of the past? Did Otti distract him from appointing commissioners, a clear 6 months after he rigged elections and pronounced himself winner in collaboration with his heavily compromised accomplices? ” Is it Otti that stopped him from putting up infrastructure in the state? Who distracted him from building and modernizing hospitals in Abia. Was it Otti that stopped him from paying any attention to government schools in the state while he takes credit for the performance of Abia students in WAEC and NECO which is as a result of self efforts, private and missionary schools? “Otti wants responsible and people oriented leadership in Abia.
Otti wants Ikpeazu to unhook himself from the yoke of man-made mediocrity, discipline himself, imbibe some seriousness in governance and set out for progressive leadership. “Otti wants Ikpeazu to dislodge those timid thugs that have held him and his government hostage, and made him become an object of mockery. Otti wants Abians across political, religious and sectional lines to see the real and long time tragedy in keeping silent and embracing the thuggish and mediocre standards which Ikpeazu and his allies have foisted on the state. “Let me assure you that no matter the level of insults, intimidation, name calling, campaign of calumny and irresponsible attacks, what Alex Otti wants will not change. He will remain consistent in calling out this government for as long as it remains government for a few. He will continue his advocacy in the most civilized and responsible manner, and we hope that Okezie Ikpeazu would grow up to listen, reflect, show remorse, and begin the process of repentance, and once he does this, he would be sure of forgiveness and support from Abians”. Meanwhile, the Commissioner for Information in Abia state, John Okiyi Kalu had in several statements while reacting to the reaffirmation of the victory of Governor Ikpeazu, berated heavily Dr. Alex Otti over his continued onslaught and lies against the government. He claimed that Otti was only on a mission to disrupt governance with his frivolous petitions, vowing that no amount of Character Assassination, lies and propaganda by the opposition would deter the present administration’s concerted efforts in consolidating the gains made so far by the governor. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.