Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of Kano State, has assured that his administration would continue to ensure safety, adequate security and enhance welfare provision of the National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, posted to the state. The Governor gave the assurance Monday while declaring close the 2019 Batch ‘B’ stream II Orientation Course for Corps Members, held at the NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp, Kusalla, Karaye Local Government Area. “Our government will continue to ensure adequate security in the state and live up to our statutory responsibilities to NYSC through enhanced welfare provision, safety and security of Corps Members wherever they may be posted,” said Ganduje. Ganduje, who was represented by his Deputy, Dr. Nasiru Yusuf Gawuna, revealed that the ongoing reforms in youth policies were targeted on growth and development, which are meant to uplift the standard of living of its citizenry. “Kano State Government through its agencies is working fast for a new vista of opportunities in a quest to fulfill our campaign promises in the next level for sustainable development, Ganduje disclosed. On the orientation course, the Governor expressed confidence that the experiences acquired by the corps members would be shared to improve the living conditions of their host communities for hopeful life in health care service delivery, agriculture, education, immunization and safety campaign. He added “The orientation training must have tested your physical strength, your endurance and discipline. It has also exposed you to opportunities of learning new skills and trades that would certainly make ways for you on new adventures for self-reliance.” Dr. Ganduje, however, implored the corps members to interact and understand the culture of their host communities and other aspects of their life, which according to him, would be used to uphold peace, unity and development in Kano State and Nigeria at large. “In addition, I encourage you to imbibe the values of leadership, courage and resourcefulness throughout the service year. I also urge you to identify viable projects that are of need to your hosts and mobilize the community to realize the lofty ideals of the Programme for their benefits ” he said. Abdullahi Ganduje further directed all government ministries, departments and agencies, local government areas and even private organisations to warmly accept the corps members and assist them to settle down for the effective discharge of national service. Earlier, the NYSC State Coordinator, Kano State Alhaji Ladan Baba disclosed that out of the 1,700 prospective corps members deployed to the State, 1,592 were registered, adding that…” a good number of the remaining corps members were blocked online as a result of failure to defend their degrees as foreign trained, after physical verification of their results.” Alhaji Ladan revealed that eight members were also refused registration due to incomplete and inconsistent documents as most of them could no longer express themselves. He lamented “more worrisome is the fact that some of them do not undergo any academic pursuits but obtained certificates through illegal means with allegations that some did so in Kano and environs. This will require urgent action by the Government and good people of Kano in collaboration with the dogged security agencies in the State to checkmate this ugly trend that will affect us negatively.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.