The Middle Belt Forum, MBF, has reacted to the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal’s dismissal of the petition by the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar, candidate against the election of President Muhammadu Buhari. National President of MBF, Dr Bitrus Porgu, told Vanguard that the Supreme Court has the final say on the matter. He said: “We believe the judiciary is the last hope of the common man. Ordinarily, we felt the President, Muhammadu Buhari didn’t win; but the judgement now is in his favour. “We just wait and see. That is the thing we have to say. Because it is the judiciary that has the final say, it is not an individual or others. “I believe the presidential candidate of Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, will still appeal the tribunal’s judgment, maybe go to the Supreme Court, knowing that issues like false declaration under oath. Me, when I listened, I didn’t hear that one addressed. “All I hear is that he has an equivalent of requirement of certificate. So, I believe they will still go further. Let’s wait and see. But there is nothing one can do about it since the judgement has been given; we just have to wait for the next line of action. “The tribunal has given its judgment which I am not competent to contest. But I believe if there are issues that have been raised and not been addressed, I believe Atiku’s team of counsel would appeal. For example, one, when the issue of certificate is been addressed, they talk about the requirement. They didn’t address the issue of swearing under oath. “If Buhari said he had certificate or there was no certificate transmitted to the Army, and one of his witnesses said that, that means he swore falsely under oath. I didn’t hear any of the judgment which addressed that issue. “On the issue of perjury, I did not hear any of the judgments given which addressed that issue. They addressed the issue of certificate which is line and equivalent, serving in that capacity up to the position in Army. “That is the law, but the issue of perjury I did not hear. Let’s wait, I believe Atiku’s counsel will appeal Buhari’s victory and we will hear the final verdict when we get the bus stop, the Supreme Court.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.