Elizabeth Akinola, the woman who allegedly beat her four-year-old daughter, Testimony to death has been remanded in prison custody. The 37-year-old mother was remanded in prison following her arraignment before a Chief Magistrates’ Court sitting in Akure, the Ondo State capital on Tuesday. Akinola was arraigned on a two-count charge bordering on murder and physical assault of her deceased daughter. The defendant alongside her husband, Felix Babalola who is currently on the run were alleged to have beaten to death their daughter, Testimony at Iro Street, Akure in August 2019, over alleged deliverance from demonic spirits. DAILY POST had reported how the couple allegedly beat their four-year-old daughter, Testimony to death after which she was rushed by her mother to the Ondo State University of Medical Sciences Teaching Hospital, Akure Annex. With the confirmation that Testimony Died on Arrival, DOA, the mother of the deceased fled the hospital premises with the corpse of her daughter and was arrested after she fled to Ikare-Akoko, the headquarters of Akoko North-East Local Government Area of Ondo State. The crime, according to the Police Prosecutor, Sergeant Abdul-Lateef Sulaiman is contrary to and punishable under section 357 of the criminal code cap 37 vol.1, Laws of the Ondo state of Nigeria 2006. Sergeant Suleiman who filed a 7 paragraph motion of notice prayed the court that the defendant be remanded in prison custody. While addressing the court, the defendant’s counsel, Isreal Balogun opposed the application made by the prosecutor, praying that the court to gives his team more time to file a counter-affidavit as he was served within short notice. With the plea of the Defense Counsel not granted, the court presided over by Magistrate Victoria Bob-Manuel, consequently ordered the remand of Akinola in prison custody pending the outcome of advice from the office of the Director of Public Prosecution, DPP. The case was subsequently adjourned to October 9, 2019.   Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.