The Oyo State Police Command, has said that its personnel have arrested kidnappers of a 17-year-old Fulani boy, Shakiru Weti, after the suspects had demanded for a ransom of one million naira for the boy to be released. The state Commissioner of Police, Shina Olukolu, made this known on Thursday in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital while parading the suspects at the command headquarters in Eleyele. Olukolu said, “On 17th September, 2019 at about 2200hr, one Alhaji Abdul Saliu ‘m’ the Sariki Fulani of Oyo State resident in Igangan reported at Ayete Divisional Police Headquarters that a Fulani called Weti ‘m’ reported to him that an unknown gunman kidnapped his son one Shakiru Weti ‘m’ aged 17 year to an unknown destination. But, on 22nd September, 2019 at about 1700hrs the abductors called and demanded for one million naira ransom (1M).” He added that the family members were encouraged to agree to pay the amount demanded. Hence, the money was handed over to one Babangida Shehu ‘m’ to be deposited at the agreed spot while the Police detectives laid ambush. Hence, at about 2000hrs, one Yuguda Jayum ‘m’ and one other came to pick the agreed ransom where it was kept. “Consequently, in the process one Yuguda Jayum was arrested with the ransom intact while his accomplice escaped, Yuguda Jayum confessed to be the leader of the group that carried out the kidnapping, at about 0300hrs of the following day, detectives extended investigations to their hideout at Igangan where their victim was found tied and blindfolded and was rescued. “The victim, Shakiru Weti was rescued unhurt while one Kehinde Adeoye ‘m’ a member of the syndicate who was guarding the victim to prevent his escape was arrested. But, another cohorts Taiwo Adeoye ‘m’ who was armed opened fire on the team and escaped. In the course of further investigations one Bature Dogo ‘m’, Kazeem Sule ‘m’ and Maanu Garuba ‘m’ were also arrested in connection with the kidnapping case. Upon interrogation Kehinde Adeoye ‘m’, Yuguda Jayum ‘m’, Bature Dogo ‘m’, Kazeem Sule ‘m’ and Maanu Garuba ‘m’ all confessed to have masterminded the kidnapping of Shakiru Weti ‘m’ with Taiwo Adeoye ‘m’ and Sanda ‘m’ who are also members of the gang but presently at large. “One Gionee, two Itel and one Techno handsets were recovered from the duo of Kehinde Adeoye ‘m’ and Kazeem Sule, who are members of the criminal gang that carried out the kidnapping. Effort is being intensified to arrest other fleeing members of the gang.” Olukolu noted that it was pertinent to update the good people of Oyo State on the recent arrest made by the command on the nefarious activities of kidnappers in the Ibarapa axis of the State to douse the palpable concern shown by the people in the area consequent upon the criminal activities of a few being handled in the Area and reassure them that the Police is on top of the situation. “Concerted unrelenting efforts put in place by the Police tactical teams in the Area yielded results. Hence, some notorious criminals-kidnappers who have been terrorizing the Ibarapa axis were arrested and the onus lies on us to inform the good people of Oyo State in order to serve as deterrent to others still at large that the long arms of the law will soon catch up with them.” He, however, assured the people of Oyo State of determination of Police in the state, to resolve and preparedness to continue to protect lives and property before, during and after this Yuletide period, calling on them to make use of the two emergency control room numbers in case of any distress situation viz 07055495413 and 08081768614, urging them to continue to partner with the Police, collaborate and support them with very useful and timely credible information to enable them to serve the community better. But, one of the suspected kidnappers, Kazeem Sulaiman denied the allegation, saying that he didn’t know anything about the incident. “I didn’t know anything about this issue, security operative just came to my residence last week Sunday and arrested me, I was thereafter taken to the police station, on getting to the police station, I was told that a boy was kidnapped and those arrested with me have even confessed that I didn’t know anything about the incident.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.