Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian newspapers: 1. Popular Nigerian singer, David Adeleke also known as Davido, on Thursday, proposed to his long-time girlfriend, Chioma. Davido who had earlier announced his introduction to Chioma made the proposal in front of cameras and shared shot videos on his Instagram page. Davido said that 2020 was the anticipated year for the big event, calling on friends and family to get ready. Davido also addressed rumours that his bride to be is pregnant, asking Nigerians to be patient. 2. Suspected kidnap kingpin, Bello Abdul, 40, alias Yellow, on Thursday confessed to murdering over ten people and abducting more than 50 victims on the notorious Abuja-Kaduna highway. He spoke on Thursday after he was arrested by operatives of the Police Intelligence Response Team (IRT). Yellow was arrested at his hideout in Niger State by detectives, who have been on his trail following allegations of operating an armed robbery, cattle rustling and kidnapping syndicate that spanned across Katsina, Zamfara, Kaduna and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Abuja. It was gathered that his gangs, which had mainly young boys were responsible for over 150 kidnappings and several murders along the Abuja-Kaduna highways and Kajuru. 3. The Rivers State Governor, Nyeson Wike, has declared that he has all it takes to fight his party, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, to a standstill. This is as the Governor described the panel set up by the party to resolve the Minority leadership crisis in the House of Representatives as the most corrupt in the history of the party. Wike applauded Austin Opara for withdrawing from what he described as a tainted committee by not allowing himself to be entangled in the illegal outcome of the committee’s activities. He said that he is not one of those Governors that will kowtow to their illicit activities. 4. The Senator representing Akwa Ibom North West senatorial district in Akwa Ibom State, Senator Christopher Ekpenyong, on Wednesday defeated the outgone senator who represented the zone, Godswill Akpabio in the National/State House of Assembly elections tribunal sitting in Uyo, the state capital. The court upheld the victory of Senator Ekpenyong as declared by the INEC in the February 23 elections. Akpabio had prayed the court to declare him winner of the elections having polled the highest number of valid, lawful votes at the elections. But while delivering judgement, the chairman of the tribunal, Justice W. Akanbi, dismissed all the preliminary objections filed by all the Respondents and resolved to settle the case on the merits, to wit. 5. Some aggrieved members of the All Progressives Congress in Rivers State led by Senator Magnus Abe have dared the National Working Committee of the APC over plans to hold congresses in the state. The aggrieved members said they have rejected the constitution of the five-man Caretaker Committee Members set up to manage the affairs of the party and conduct ward, Local Government and State Congresses in the state. They came up with this after the Isaac Abott Ogbogbula-led committee assumed office following their swearing in by the National Chairman of APC, Adams Oshiomole in Abuja. Earlier, Chairman of the CTC, Ogbogbula while briefing newsmen at the party secretariat at Garrison axis of Aba road, assured of free, fair and transparent congresses. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari, Thursday, in Abuja said placing women in strategic positions of his government, like the financial sector, was to ensure effective management of limited resources available, and promote a stronger sense of inclusiveness. Buhari said he preferred women to oversee the economic and financial hub of the country, Ministry of Finance, as they can readily deploy their experience in aligning resources with the needs of the country, explaining that the nation also had many female technocrats with local and international experiences on economy and finance.
7. The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, on Thursday asked the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the last elections, to apologise to Nigerians for willfully distracting the President Muhammadu Buhari administration with an election petition. This was contained in a statement Mohammed issued on Thursday. The Minister said while the PDP and its candidate reserved the right to pursue their petition to the highest level, they will be better served by dropping their toga of desperation and realizing that there is a limit to tomfoolery. He said Nigerians are tired of this orchestrated distraction, and will rather wish that the opposition, having lost at the polls and in court, will now join hands with the government to move Nigeria to the next level. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Thursday, hosted Trade Union Congress leaders at the State House. He assured them that he was working for the progress of Nigeria, assuring that the new minimum wage will be implemented. Buhari also said that his administration has embarked on the most ambitious infrastructure development and rehabilitation projects this country has seen in decades. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari has assured Nigerians that the Federal Government will not inflict additional hardship on citizens. Buhari said rather his government will keep seeking ways to ameliorate their sufferings and create a more enabling environment for everyone to thrive. The President said the Federal Government remains committed to the implementation of the national minimum wage, pointing out that the inaugural Federal Executive Council meeting held on Wednesday focused on the Medium-Term Expenditure Framework, which included discussions around the new minimum wage. 10. Elizabeth Rohr, the mother of Super Eagles Coach, Gernot Rohr, has been confirmed dead at the age of 97 on Thursday. The Nigeria Football Federation broke the news while commiserating with the German national over his loss. However, the cause of her death was not disclosed. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.