Yoruba leader, Prof. Banji Akintoye, has accused persons close to President Muhammadu Buhari, of moving against Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo. He said the “cabal” were keen on turning Yoruba to slaves in Nigeria. Akintoye spoke on Monday at the House of Chiefs, Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, venue of the event marking the 126th anniversary of the Kiriji War (the civil war that engulfed Yoruba land from 1877 to 1893). In a chat with newsmen, Akintoye said: “There can not be smoke without fire, although we don’t know where the fire is, but we can see the smoke all around. “Yoruba are in a terrible situation in Nigeria because all the travails Osinbajo is going through shows that we Yoruba are now like slaves in this country, so we need to dig ourselves out of it. “We have been hearing a lot of negative things about the Vice President in the presidency, but the important thing is for us to find out exactly what is happening. “All we are hearing is just like a smoke, but we don’t know where the fire came from so whatever that might be happening to him now demonstrated that whoever that is not part of the people who control the Federal Government of Nigeria, is only allowed in the Federal Government on surveillance. “So, the person can be kicked out whenever they like. There are people among those controlling the Federal Government of Nigeria who have a lot of heavy questions to answer but they are protected by the power’s that be.” Meanwhile, former Lagos governor and national leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, has dismissed speculation that he was working against Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, over 2023 presidency. He said this in reaction to the latest actions taken by President Muhammadu Buhari allegedly targeted at his deputy. Last Thursday, Osinbajo stated that the Economic Management Team (EMT) which he heads was not scrapped or dissolved by the president. Buhari had on Monday, constituted an Economic Advisory Council (EAC), which is widely believed would take over the functions of the EMT.  Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.