The Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi III, has applauded the Nigeria Police and Southwest Governors on the resolution to partner with the Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC) in their efforts to curb the spate of insecurity in the region. Oba Adeyemi gave the commendation on Wednesday after a closed-door meeting with the Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams at his palace. The monarch said with the move, the police have shown a huge commitment in dealing with criminals. He expressed confidence that the partnership with the OPC will bring the much needed peace and tranquility across the southwest. “As custodian of Yoruba culture, the traditional rulers have the native intelligence of their respective domains and kingdoms. “We are very close to the people at the grassroots, and on daily basis, we are fed with information that is crucial to the growth and development of the region. “For instance, in Oyo town and its environs, I have all the information from across all the 14 local governments in the state. “So, traditional rulers will always have their ears on the grounds on all issues, especially, issues that have to do with the safety and security of their respective domains.” Alaafin confirmed that the meeting finetuned strategies and methods of approach, saying OPC will incorporate other notable groups, including the Vigilante, Agbakoyas and other reputable security outfits. Oba Adeyemi urged the Inspector General of Police to fast track the partnership by putting put in place modalities to ensure success of the initiative. In his remarks, Adams disclosed that the next step was to meet with local security groups. He added: “Our royal fathers would be involved because they are in charge of their respective communities. “I am very optimistic that with this development, our safety and security in the southwest will be guaranteed and criminals will no longer find their ways into the region.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.