The leadership of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Abia State chapter on Thursday said they were ready to face election to return the Chief Whip of the 9th Senate, Orji Uzor Kalu State Chairman of the party, Hon. Donatus Nwankpa, stated this while leading other officials of the party in solidarity to the lawmaker who’s election was annulled by the Abia State Election Petition Tribunal last week. He said the people of North were ready at all times to vote the former Governor of the state, nothing that if election was to be held twenty times, Orji Uzor Kalu would be returned. “You are well aware of what happened with regards to the nullification of Senator Orji Uzor Kalu’s election. We are ready to be part of the election to return him, if election is to be held today. “We are ready to appeal that judgement. You know how President Muhammadu Buhari’s case was delivered yesterday and that further exposed the flaws in Kalu’s case. “There were flaws in Senator Orji Uzor Kalu’s case, he has not been sacked. The court has not asked that his certificate of return be surrendered. “He remains the Chief Whip of the 9th Senate and all things being equal, nothing would change. What happened was a set back and a distraction to the APC in Abia.” In the entourage, was the Minister of Mines and Solid Development, Dr. Uche Chukwu Okay who insisted that, Orji Uzor Kalu’s seat was not declared vacant, saying that, “he remain our leader in the party, he remain our leader in the state. In his remark, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu explained that he would not lose sleep over the development, emphasising that he would win election anytime. “In Abia North, we are not losing sleep. In Nigeria, if we conduct election in Abia North twenty times, I will win”, the lawmaker insisted. “The sanctity of Court anywhere in the world is that if one is displeased with judgement, he can approach the upper Court and that is what I will do. “I was not removed, I wasn’t sacked as reported in the media. The Court didn’t asked someone else to be sworn-in, in my place. We have our votes in tact and since the law allows me to appeal, I will appeal the judgement.” The lawmaker said Courts don’t award remedies not sought for, hence, he remained the lawmaker while pursuing the case in the Appeal Court. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.