An Ex-militant in the Niger Delta region, Benson Zenebor a.k.a. King Para
Ekiyes has called on the Delta State Government to come to his aid as his
life is being threatened by SETRACO Nigeria Limited over access
road. Zenebor who spoke with newsmen in Warri, Delta State said he is
now running for his life and from his building inside his community. He said,”I am now running for my life as SETRACO are threatening my life and that of my family. “I am calling on the Governor of the State and all our representative from the government at federal and local government, NDDC and Niger Delta Ministry to come to the project site at Toru-Tebegbe town in Burutu Local Government of Delta State. “I am also calling on the Police to probe the convert activity of SETRACO and the army attached to them.” Zenebor narrated how trouble started when he accused SETRACO Nigeria Limited while constructing the Bomadi-Tuomo- road project at Tebegbe community for demolishing his house and blocking access road. He stated that owing to that, SETRACO Nigeria Limited made allegation of
kidnap against him, leading to the arrest of his wife and aunt. “They have turned my building and my compound into burrow pit and they
wanted to kill me with the army attached to the company on 19th August 2019
at 6:00 am but God saved me from them and my innocent wife and my aunt were arrested. “The army attached to the company and the CSO have turned my house to their
base. SETRACO Nigeria Limited have pushed me to the wall.” Contacted, SETRACO Project Public Relations Officer, Robert Afuruku
said, “Well if he thinks that writing a news on it is the best way forward, then let him go ahead. I am the PRO, I told him what and what that is good for him to do. If I were in your shoes, I would have advised him to meet with me properly before publishing anything. “Is it not better for him to take legal action than to write in newspapers, If he writes and everybody read about it, what is the benefit to him? He told me that he wanted to take a lawyer and i told
him to properly weigh his options. “SETRACO dumped sand in his compound and when they wanted to take the sand, he requested that some of the sand be left for him. As the PRO, I obliged him, only for the company to say that they want their sand. ” Before the issue of the sand came up, he had threatened some people in
SETRACO including me that he will arrest us and even kidnap us.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.