Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian newspapers: 1. The Nigerian Government yesterday debunked the report of a bomb explosion at the South African High Commission in Abuja. It said the fake news was orchestrated by “desperate opposition” to cause panic and chaos among the populace. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, said the video of the purported bomb explosion, which is being circulated on the social media, is that of the bomb explosion at Emab Plaza, near Banex, in Abuja on June 25, 2014. 2. The Delta State National Assembly Election Petitions Tribunal sitting in Asaba, on Saturday nullified the election of James Manager, lawmaker representing Delta South Senatorial district. Chairman of the three-man panel, Justice E.I. Ngene, gave the ruling on Saturday. Manager was elected on the platform of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). His election was opposed at the tribunal by former governor of the state and candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Emmanuel Uduaghan. In its judgement, tribunal cancelled Manager’s election and ordered for a fresh one within 90 days. 3. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Port Harcourt’s Zonal Office, at the weekend said it has commenced investigation of 58 suspected oil thieves, four Vessels, one Barge and two wooden Boats allegedly involved in illegal oil bunkering. The suspects and Vessels were handed over to the EFCC by the Nigerian Navy Ship (NNS) Pathfinder for further investigation and possible prosecution.
Taking over the suspects and the accompanying Vessels, Barge and wooden Boats, Samuel Umezuirike of the EFCC assured the Nigerian Navy of further investigation and possible prosecution. 4. The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Cross River State at the weekend rejected all judgements delivered by the election petition tribunal sitting in Calabar, the State capital. The APC said it rejected the judgments in its totality and urged its supporters and stakeholders not to despair as it is set to appeal against the verdicts. 5. Abubakar Malami, the Attorney-General of the Federation, at the weekend cautioned Nigerians against hitting the businesses of South Africans in response to xenophobic attacks.
Malami particularly decried attacks on Shoprite companies by some Nigerians in reaction to the xenophobic attacks, and warned people against taking laws into their hands. The Minister noted that the entire Shoprite building are run and managed by Nigerians and that most of the MTN tower masts have been given out to Nigerian contractors. 6. The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, on Saturday appealed to Nigerians not to engage in reprisal attacks against South-Africans following the violence which trailed the wave of xenophobia in South Africa. Adeboye stated that an average South-African is a decent person. He likened the situation in South-Africa to the period of unrest in Nigerian universities in which only a handful of students usually engaged in trouble making. According to the popular cleric, bringing Nigerians back home is not the solution to the problem. He urged Nigerians to allow the government to handle the issue. 7. Vice Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Peter Obi, on Saturday called on the Government of South Africa to compensate all those affected by the xenophobic madness. He also appealed to Nigerians not to engage in violence. He urged Nigerians in South Africa to unite as brothers and sisters and assist one another in this trying period. Obi told the Nigerian government to demonstrate concern for Nigerians by engaging South Africa on compensating those affected by the xenophobic attacks. He disclosed that he is in touch with some Nigerian leaders in South Africa and expressed worry about the effect of the actions of South Africans on African unity. 8. The Conference of Speakers in the South West Zone at the weekend held its maiden meeting in Lagos to proffer lasting solutions to the lingering security threat confronting the region. The Chairman of the Conference of Speakers of Nigeria, Mudashiru Obasa, in his address of welcome as the chief host highlighted issues affecting security in the region. He said that It had reached an alarming height and they needed to beef up their internal security. Obasa, noted that the idea to establish special security offices across the region was also in the pipeline. 9. Apex Fulani Socio-cultural organization, Miyetti Allah Kautel Hore, has said that Southeast governors and Ohanaeze Ndigbo want to divide Nigeria. The group also said that Fulani is the largest ethnic group in Nigeria, while demanding every governor, both in the North and the South to carve out an area for the Fulani in their respective states to settle and raise their cows. The National President of the organisation, Abdullahi Bodejo was reacting to the directive by the governors compelling Fulani herdsmen to transport their cows to their region. He said for the Fulani, their business is inside the bush for this reason the governor and the organisation don’t have any reason to stop them from operating in the bushes. He said the governors can’t say if they want to bring cows they must bring them in with vehicles. 10. Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, on Saturday revealed what his group will do to the South East governors owing salaries while travelling abroad. Kanu disclosed that members of his group will continue to hold Nigerian politicians accountable for the services they were elected to render to the people. The IPOB leader said governor’s owing salaries and traveling across the world will be stopped. Kanu, again condemned the xenophobic attacks in South Africa, describing it as something that should not be happening in this current generation. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.