The review committee set up by Gov Dapo Abiodun to look into the controversies surrounding the upgrade of Moshood Abiola Polytechnic (MAPOLY) to Moshood Abiola University of Technology (MAUSTECH), Abeokuta and the creation of Ogun State Polytechnic, Ipokia said it recommended public-private partnership for the take-off of the university. The committee also said it observed that the Ogun State Polytechnic that was earlier established in Ipokia was no more viable after the restoration of MAPOLY back to Abeokuta; adding that the facilities and structures in Ipokia were just lying waste. However, the committee did not disclose whether the much controversial MAUSTECH would remain in Abeokuta or be moved to Ipokia. Speaking in an exclusive interview with DAILY POST Friday, the Chairman of the committee, Prof. Segun Awonusi, intimated that members took the views of all stakeholders, including students, lecturers and traditional rulers into consideration before taking its final decision. Awonusi said the committee, noting that the law that established MAUSTECH had not been repealed, saw the need for the involvement of the private sector in running the university. “We saw the situation on ground. We saw that the law that established MAUSTECH has not been repelled. So we saw the need for government and private sector partnership and we put that recommendation forward to the government.” he explained. On Ogun Poly, Awonusi refused to disclose what the committee’s recommendation was when he said: “We also saw the law that established Ogun State Polytechnic, Ipokia; but we observed that (Ogun Poly) Ipokia is no longer viable, because according to Former Gov Ibikunle Amosun, MAPOLY was simply moved to Ipokia so that they too can have a higher institution of learning in that area. “If MAPOLY has been returned to Abeokuta and it is doing well now, then Ipokia and all the structures there, are just lying waste and may be prone to vandalisation. Again, we make appropriate recommendation to government as to what they can do. “But what we recommended about the site in Ipokia is with the government. You know it is not our duty to make the recommendation public for now. Government sent us to do this work and courtesy demands we give our recommendations to government. Asked if it was recommended that MAUSTECH should remain in Abeokuta, Prof. Awonusi retorted, “Like I said before, it is government that can disclose what we recommended. It is not the duty of the committee. But I can assure you that we did our best, we all agreed on our decisions and we look at the views of all stakeholders before making our recommendations” DAILY POST reports that Governor Abiodun, on Thursday, said his administration would be cautious with its decisions on MAUSTECH. Abiodun said this while receiving the report of the Review Committee on MAUSTECH/MAPOLY/OGUNPOLY crisis in his office at Oke-Mosan, Abeokuta. The governor expressed displeasure that the MAUSTECH, Abeokuta, could not take off two years after it was established. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.