The Bauchi State government has confirmed the outbreak of yellow fever in the state. The outbreak was confirmed around Yankari Games Reserve which has led to the death of four students of the College of Education, Waka-Biu in Borno State who went there on an excursion recently, while 12 were hospitalised. Speaking in a press conference on Thursday, the Executive Secretary, Bauchi State Primary Healthcare Development Agency, (BSPHCDA) Dr. Rilwan Mohammed, said that the Ministry of Health in the State received a report of a confirmed yellow fever case from the Kano State Ministry of Health which was linked to Yankari Game Reserve. The secretary further said that the Ministry also received reports from Gombe and Borno States of suspected cases which were linked to the Reserve saying that following these reports, the State Rapid Response Team comprising of all relevant stakeholders visited the Yankari Games Reserve on Wednesday, September 4, 2019, to investigate the incidence. He also said that, “the Team discovered that there was a possibility of a yellow fever outbreak which is being investigated. So far, six samples have been collected from suspected cases for testing in the National Reference Laboratory in Abuja and at the Regional Laboratory in Dakar – Senegal.” He said the “Main confirmation will come from Dakar – Senegal added that: “Additional investigations and other control measures are being put in place by the state with the support of agencies and relevant partners in the state and the Nigeria Center for Disease Control in ongoing.” The Executive Secretary also said that the samples of the students who came for holidays at the Yankari Games Reserve have been taken, “and some of them were also reactive but we are still not confirming the case (of yellow fever) until the Dakar case is actually confirmed, but I can beat my chest and say that we are having the case but as for now, it is a suspected and reactive outbreak of yellow fever in Bauchi state.” He further said that over 600 people in Yankari and its surroundings were vaccinated, adding that vaccinations will also be carried out in all the 20 LGAs in the state so as to prevent it from spreading. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.