The Commissioner of Police, Zamfara State Command, Usman Nagogo, has met with various warring groups of Fulani herdsmen, Hausa farmers, Vigilante groups, Traditional Rulers and other stakeholders at the palace of Emir of Bakura. Police Public Relations Officer, SP Mohammed Shehu, in a statement on Monday said the meeting was a follow up to series of peace building engagement. He noted that the aim of the interaction was for the warring groups to voice out their grievances for a harmonious resolution that would address issues of farmers/herders conflict, banditry, kidnapping, attacks and reprisal attacks, among others to forestall further loss of life and property. CP Nagogo, who presided over the meeting, highlighted the return of peace in the state, as well as 90 percent reduction of criminal activities that have consumed many lives for years. “The CP called on all the warring parties in Bakura Emirate to accept the ongoing peace process by avoiding taking laws into their hands and also ensure they channel their complaints and other grievances through an appropriate authority for redress. “The CP assures the gathering that, sincerity, commitment and Justice will be the guiding principles of this initiative. He thanks the Emir for his continued support and cooperation to the peace initiative,” the statement read. In his address, the Emir of Bakura, Bello Mohammed Sani, assured of his Emirate’s continued collaboration and assistance to the ongoing effort of restoring peace in the state. He appealed for peaceful co-existence among the people of Zmafara. The statement disclosed that during the meeting, all the warring parties were given equal opportunity to voice out their grievances. “Important issues were extensively deliberated, and all the warring groups have unanimously resolved to leave in peace with one another for social and economic growth of the area and the state in general. “The same peace building interaction will be sustained in due course”, the command spokesman added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.