The U.S. Chamber of Commerce announced that Benedict Peters, Chairman and CEO of AITEO, will serve on the Board of Advisors for the U.S.-Africa Business Center. The mission of the U.S.-Africa Business Center is to build lasting prosperity for Africans and Americans through job creation and entrepreneurial spirit, something that Mr. Peters has been active in on the continent for many years. Welcoming Mr. Peters to the Board of Advisors, Chairman of the U.S.-Africa Business Centre, Scott Eisner, remarks: “We value and appreciate the insights from companies such as yours as they not only benefit the Center, but also play a pivotal role in strengthening the ties between the United States and countries throughout Africa.” Mr. Peters will join CEO’s from many Fortune 500 companies who have a strong presence in Africa, including Banco Prestigío, BP, Caterpillar, Chevron, IBM, MasterCard, Microsoft, and many others. Similarly, Mr. Peters was appointed to the American Committee on the Present Danger with a view to help defend America through public education and advocacy against the full array of conventional and non-conventional dangers posed by the People’s Republic of China in March 2019. Mr. Peters was also named African Icon of the Year by the Foreign Investment Network (FIN) in January 2019, in London, as recognition of his achievements in the oil & gas industry. The recognitions bestowed upon Mr. Peters transcends the corporate sphere as he was named Africa’s Oil & Gas Leader of the Year 2018 by the illustrious Forbes International for his outstanding contribution to the progress of the continent’s oil & gas sector. In addition, BusinessDay awarded him 2018 Man of the Year for his outstanding business and philanthropic achievements during the year while he emerged Nation Newspapers’ Businessman of the Year for building the country’s largest indigenous oil & gas exploration firm. Vanguard Newspapers also conferred the award of 2018 Businessman of the Year on the billionaire for his ‘’immense contribution to oil & gas development through visionary leadership, service and transformational realignment of a sector dominated by international oil companies.’’ Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.