The Ekpan Police Divisional Headquarters in Uvwie Local Government Area of Delta State has recovered the sum of Two-Hundred Thousand Naira from a mentally challenged woman, Miss Regina Micah, DAILY POST reports. It was learnt that the Police has also handed the said amount to her family. Our correspondent reports that the Police led by the Divisional Police Officer, SP Ibok Asanaenyi acted on a tip-off that the woman was having a huge amount of money in her possession and that some hoodlums were trying to snatch it from her. The DPO mobilized his men with the pragmatic Divisional Crime Officer, DSP Lawrence Ogoke to the scene and the woman was quickly taken to their custody. After a thorough and rigorous investigation, the Police were able to locate the relatives of the woman at Kiagbodo community, the hometown of Chief Edwin Kiagbodo Clark in Burutu Local Government Area of Delta State. The DPO strictly instructed that the money should be deposited into an account for the woman by the family for her upkeep just as he promised to always monitor it to ensure it is judiciously and prudently used for her. The elder brother to the challenged woman, Mr. Tony Micah confirmed the report in a chat with Our Correspondent today. Tony who noted that his sister, Regina has been insane for over twenty years, pointed out that she normally engages herself in petty business at their village market. He said though they were not unaware that she is having some money, he stressed that they never knew that the money in her possession was that huge. Tony said they had looked for their sister for some time until the Police informed the family that she(Regina) was in their custody. Tony thanked the Ekpan Divisional Police Officer, SP Ibok Asanaenyi for a good job, saying, he has painted another picture of the Nigeria Police from the one he used to know. “I use to think that Police are evil but by this encounter with them today, I’m having a totally different mindset”. The Ekpan DPO, SP Ibok Asanaenyi declined comments on the matter when Our correspondent sought his views. He said he was not in the position to speak to the press. When contacted, the Delta State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya in a telephone chat with DAILY POST said, “I have not heard from the DPO. You know, he needs to confirm first. When he does that, I will get back to you.” The Delta State Commissioner of Police, CP Adeyinka Adeleke also confirmed the report saying, “It is true but speak with the DPO Ekpan, no problems. ” Details later… Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.