The Buhari Media Organisation (BMO) on Wednesday said the appeal filed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, rejecting the election of President Muhammadu Buhari at the Supreme Court would fail. DAILY POST recalls that Atiku Abubakar, the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 general elections and his party, had on Monday formally filed their appeal against the judgement of the presidential election petitions tribunal, at the Supreme Court. They are challenging the judgment of the presidential election tribunal, which affirmed the election of President Muhammadu Buhari. Atiku and PDP filed the appeal on five grounds. They alleged that the panel of the presidential election tribunal erred in law “when they relied on ‘overall interest of justice’, to hold that the 2nd Respondent’s Exhibits R1 to R26, P85, and P86 were properly admitted in evidence Reacting, BMO in a statement signed by its Chairman Niyi Akinsiju in Abuja on Thursday described PDP’s appeal as an exercise in futility, NAN reports. Akinsiju added that the appeal would only re-emphasise the judgment of the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal (PEPT) which ruled that the petition was futile and had no substance. The organization’s chairman, who said that PDP and Atiku either did not read or understand the judgement of the tribunal, said that the judgement was quite clear and unequivocal about Atiku’s empty petition. He said that if they had thoroughly digested the judgement they would not have wasted their resources on filling an appeal. “It was one of the very few times that five justices would sit to deliver a judgment and be unanimous in their decision. “This was so because there could not have been any other decision contrary to what they held: Atiku’s case was a no-brainer, and lacked any substance. “On facts and evidence, they failed, on technicalities and irregularities they failed as well. “The Justices may not have said so, out of respect for the institution of the courts and our democracy, but certainly they must have known that the petition was a waste of time. Any reasonable person would know that. “The petition was bound to fail – in whatever direction it took. And it will fail again,” he said. Akinsiju said that Atiku’s appeal was to satisfy the pressure of marabouts who had deceived him into believing that he stood a chance at the poll and in the courts. “What the Supreme Court will do is put a final nail in the coffin where PDP and Atiku’s petition lies. We strongly believe the Supreme Court would do nothing less than striking out the appeal of the PDP,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.