The former Chief Judge of Ekiti State and the Oluyin of Iyin Ekiti, Oba Ademola Ajakaye, has joined his ancestors. Oluyin died at the early hours of Friday , according to a palace source. The late Oluyin, who was the first Chief Judge of the State in 1996 at its creation, was at a time the Administrator General, National Judicial Institute (NJI). The town has begun traditional rites since Friday, which includes relocation of market and cutting of trees in the town, denoting the passage of the PeluPelu Oba. Iyin, is the town of the former Governor of Ekiti State and the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Chief Niyi Adebayo and the Senator representing Ekiti Central at the Senate, Hon. Opeyemi Bamidele. Meanwhile, Governor Kayode Fayemi , has described the passage of Oba Ajakaiye, Oyinyosaiye Uyin II, as a huge loss to the state. Fayemi, who received the news of the Oba’s passage from the royal family, expressed his condolences to the late monarch’s family, the people of Iyin-Ekiti in Irepodun/Ifelodun Local Government and indeed the entire citizens of Ekiti State. In a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Yinka Oyebode, in Ado -Ekiti on Saturday, the Governor said that the State had lost one of its most cerebral and colourful royal fathers who combined brilliance with admirable traditional flamboyance. Dr Fayemi, who described the late monarch as a successful lawyer and respected bencher, during his stint in the legal profession, said the late Oluyin was ever willing to avail the government his wise counsel on issues of development and social justice. He also observed that in spite of the late monarch’s commitment to Christianity, the rich, cultural heritage of the ancient town flourished under his leadership, the same way Iyin-Ekiti witnessed unprecedented level of development, peace and prosperity during his reign. The Governor said the late Oluyin would be remembered as one of the patriots whose commitment led to the creation and successful take off of Ekiti State in 1996. He recalled how Oba Ajakaiye vacated his official residence as Chief Judge for the Military Administrator of the newly created state to live, while he commuted to Ado-Ekiti daily from his personal residence in Iyin Ekiti. “On behalf of the government and the good people of Ekiti State, the Land of Honour, I commiserate with the members of the immediate and extended families of the late monarch, the Oluyin-in- Council, Ekiti State Council of Traditional Rulers and the entire people of Iyin-Ekiti on the passage of our highly revered Kabiyesi, HRM Oba Ademola Ajakaiye. Oyinyosaiye Uyin II”. In a statement made available to newsmen in Ado Ekiti on Saturday , Senator Bamidele , said the town would sorely missed Oba Ajakaye , whom he described as an industrious and charismatic monarch, who brought Iyin to the high pedestal of development. Bamidele said history would continue to remember the monarch for fighting an epochal battle to unite Iyin and ensured that the town remains a potential and relevant force in the political and development focus of the State. Bamidele said: “Oba Ademola Ajakaye did not only lead Iyin kingdom, he led with panache and finesse. He united the kingdom and ensured that politics and other extraneous issues didn’t create a wedge or stoke the fire of discord in the town. “This accounted for the relative peace and development enjoyed under his reign. Iyin has not just missed a father figure, it misses an Icon and and protagonist of development as well as a strong unifying factor in Iyin Ekiti history. “Under his meritorious reign, Iyin witnessed development in the areas of education, political positions and infrastructure, which were made possible by the late king’s enigmatic and resourceful style of leadership . He was also an unrepentant promoter of culture and tradition. “His actions and deeds have consigned him to the positive side of history as a king who served his people zealously and selflessly. No doubt, the vacuum left by Oba Ajakaye’s demise will be difficult to fill. “Though, Oba Ajakaye has departed, but it was indisputably a glorious end for Iyin Ekiti and Ekiti in general. May God grants the entire Iyin Ekiti indigenes and Ekiti State the fortitude to bear this monumental loss”, he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.