Aisha Buhari has called on the military authorities to end gender stereotype against female personnel in the nation’s armed forces to enable them exhibit their full potentials. Buhari, who was represented by her Senior Special Assistant on Administration, Dr Hajo Sani, made the call at the Maiden Defence Headquarters Conference on Women Peace and Security on Thursday in Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the conference has the theme “Gender Mainstreaming in the Armed Forces of Nigeria for Peace and Security“. She said that Nigeria and Africa as a continent had a men-dominated environment, especially in the armed forces, adding that the military was often hostile to women because of the dominance. According to her, specific factors which include rejection, isolation and unhealthy attitude from mainly the men are pronounced within the operational combatant sectors of the armed forces. “Gender stereotype against women is a potential threat to women advancement in the military. “There are a good number of reported cases where women were prevented from participating in combat duties, excluding pregnancy or maternity. “Women are often restricted to careers within the supportive mustering of the military community such as finance, human resources, personnel, logistics, medical services and welfare. “I enjoin the military women to take vehement exception to such psychological oppression,’’ she said. Mrs. Buhari said that the probable reason why security issue bedevilling Nigeria still persist could be because the armed forces had not been redefined to explore the potential of women for operational effectiveness. She added that women possessed the traits of patience, perseverance and passion, adding that they possess the tendency to transmit the same spirit to any tasks because of their emotional build-up. According to her, the role of the armed forces is to provide security for the nation, this mission must be frame for women to participate fully in the provision of the envisaged security. “There is a need for the reformation of the laws and policies that bother on the inclusion of women in the strategic reformation of effective operational deployment. “There should be training and development opportunities that are specifically designed to support and/or accommodate the special needs of female personnel, officers and soldiers alike. “The military should as a matter of urgency, eradicate gender biased policies, procedures where these still exist. “The wide margin and lack of flexibility in structures based on gender should be bridged. “I wish to also call on women soldiers to continue to exercise resilience for which they have been identified. “They should also continue to show good example in professionalism, and therefore beacons of inspiration to other women,’’ she added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.