Process and Industrial Development Ltd (P&ID) has reacted to the ruling of a Federal High Court in Abuja forfeiting its assets in Nigeria over charges of fraud and tax evasion. The judgement was delivered by Justice Inyang Eden Ekwo. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on Thursday, arraigned those it said were linked to a controversial oil contract. The Nigerian government had vowed to probe the gas pipeline deal between the previous administration and the Irish firm, which triggered the decision of a United Kingdom court to ask the company to seize $9.6bn in Nigerian asset. In a statement in reaction, P&ID mocked Nigeria, the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) Abubakar Malami and the EFCC for producing false evidence. The company also said it was not aware that Nigeria conducted any investigation that led to the court hearing. P&ID said: “Today’s sham trial in Nigeria is entirely illegitimate, and follows a systematic campaign of harassment, intimidation and illegal detention of a number of individuals associated with P&ID or the GSPA contract. “The individuals detained have not been afforded due process and have instead been pressured and intimidated by the government into making false statements. “Nigeria’s Attorney General Abubakar Malami has publicly acknowledged that his aim is to provoke global opposition against P&ID, by undertaking this EFCC ‘investigation’. “None of the individuals involved are current employees or representatives of P&ID. P&ID itself has received no communication from any Nigerian authority about the investigation or today’s hearing. There has been no evidence produced, no defence allowed, no charges laid, no due process followed. “The EFCC’s investigation is an attempt to produce false evidence, and is being conducted in blatant disregard of basic human rights and the rule of law. P&ID calls on the Government of Nigeria to accept its responsibilities under the law and to cease this sham investigation.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.