The Ekiti State Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party has berated Governor Kayode Fayemi for appointing a dismissed Justice Jide Aladejana as the chairman of Ekiti State Independent Electoral Commission, saying that the appointment has created a burden on the electoral body. PDP said that the Governor’s action has shown that he has zero concern for morality in democratic tenet. In a statement by the PDP Publicity Secretary, Mr Jackson Adebayo, the party queried how a dismissed judge in the state judiciary could be made to head a sensitive body that is saddled with the conduct of Local government elections in the mist of many qualified Ekiti sons and daughters. The party reminded Governor Fayemi that all attempts by the dismissed judge to overturn his dismissal was overruled by court at different level hence he is not qualified to conduct elections for the Local government where people of integrity will contest. PDP also pointed out that many of the members of the SIEC are card carrying members of the ruling All Progressives Congress, saying that on this basis Local government elections were stopped by court in the first term of Governor Fayemi when Mr Soji Oloketuyi membership of SIEC then was proved to be inappropriate because he is a card carrying member of the ruling party which he is till today and also member of the Electoral body. PDP said that it’s unfortunately ridiculous that the Governor could assemble people who are constitutionally barred to conduct elections in the state, adding that he’s deliberately erecting wall of disruption in the way of the election so that he could continue to pocket the allocations to the council in absence of democratically elected officers. According to the party, Fayemi has realized that with the participation of PDP in the election, his party’s popularity would be put to question hence his appointing people of constitutional burden in SIEC. PDP challenge the governor to explain to the people of the State why he has appointed a dismissed judge and card carrying members of the APC as members of SIEC against the provision of the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “However, we want to assure him that PDP will go into the election with all seriousness unlike the coward party that decided to boycott the previous local government elections in the State.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.