Former Head of Operation of the Nigeria Department of State Service(DSS) and the Secretary of the recently constituted committee set up by South East Governor’s Forum to find lasting solution to the security challenges in the South East zone, Raymond Nkemdirim, has assured that the committee in collaboration and support of security chiefs would map out stringent measure in tackling the myriad of insecurities in some parts of South east zone. DAILY POST quoted the Governor Dave Umahi-led South East Governor’s forum as announcing the constitution of a committee to find solution to the rising insecurity in the region. The South East governors named Maj. Gen. Abel Obi Umahi (Rtd.) and Mr. Raymond Nkemdirim as chairman and Secretary of the committee respectively. Other Members of the committee included, Capt. Awa Agwu (Rtd.), IGP Ogbonna Onovo (Rtd) and CP Ikechukwu Aduba (Rtd.). But, Nkemdirim, the Secretary of committee, while speaking in a radio programme, monitored by DAILY POST in Umuahia, the Abia State capital at the weekend, explainer the activities of the committee after its inauguration by the South East governors. According to him, “You will agree with me that South East have been made by a number of security issues in the recent past ranging from herdsmen menace, kidnapping, armed robbery and cultism. ‘So, the Governors of the South East want to take the bull by the horn. They want to tell this criminals that there is a new initiative in town, and that there is no longer be business as usual. There would be concerted plan by all the states of the South East geo-political zone to overcome all this act of criminality”. He continued, “The security committee which I am the secretary,has been put in place. We have our chairman ,Major-General Umahi(Rtd). The one-time GOC and a very consummate General. We are going to have our office in Enugu. And we will be meeting regularly within our terms of reference, to ensure that we deliver our assignment. “We started up by inviting all the heads of various security agencies in the South East, all the directors of DSS in the South east and Commissioners of Police in the South east. GOC 82 division in Enugu, and then, AOC in charge of the Air force in the South east zone. We all met, and we agreed to work together”. The Abia-born ex-DSS official added,”They gave their assurances that everything will be done in conjunction with their respective chiefs in Abuja to ensure they deliver on their expectations”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.