The ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, in Osun state, and the main opposition party, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, were at each others’ wit end over the weekend. The two political parties were at loggerheads over the purported performance rating by the World Bank, in which Osun state was reportedly adjudged the best. Reacting to this development on Monday through a press statement signed and made available to newsmen in Osogbo, the capital of Osun, the Director of Publicity for APC in the state, Mr Kunle Oyatomi has challenged the PDP to disprove this raring or “bury their heads in shame “. According to him, failure of PDP to controvert the rating of APC led government in the state as the best in terms of performance by the World Bank’s assessment portrays them as shameless elements. “Nothing can be more dishonourable than the recklessness with which the PDP had been spreading outright falsehood and misleading propaganda against the APC government in the last eight years. “So pervasive had been the PDP propaganda and lies that it virtually created a negative impression across the country that Osun was being plundered and misgoverned by the APC “Today, however, to the utter shame and disgrace of the PDP, the World Bank has declared Osun the best performing state in Nigeria on rural access and mobility projects. “Besides, the Bank singled out the state as a strong performer on project implementation in the country. The fact speaks for itself. “Of especial importance to any objective observer should be the World Bank’s statement that highlighted, ‘the high sense of diligence and commitment displayed by the state government that earned it the award. “We dare the PDP and its Chairman to produce facts and figures to prove the World Bank wrong”, the statement read. The PDP, in a swift reaction has described performance rating of APC as ‘fraudulent and unorthodox’ saying the party has woefully failed the people hence, the desperate move to seek for foreign cover up. It said people that are completely alien to the state without deep knowledge of the political environment could not be said to be real. Hon. Soji Adagunodo, the Chairman of PDP in the state stated this in a release made available to journalists in Osogbo. Adagunodo alleged that the governor of the state, Mr Gboyega Oyetola after his abysmal performance had to take such steps to give himself and his team the undeserved rating. “The strange World Back officials , whose real identities are even shrouded in secrecy and fraudulent in details cannot tell us how good or bad the performance of a government is than the people who have been impoverished by the APC maladministration. “If Oyetola wants to be genuinely rated, he should sample peoples opinions from Igbona and Oja’ba Markets in Osogbo, Owode and Oja Timi markets in Ede, Akinola market in Ife North, Oja Titun in Ile-Ife, Atakumosa market in ilesa ,Olufi market in Gbongan , Obada market in Odeomu, Owode market in Apomu , Odo ori market in iwo, Olobu market in ilobu , Olufon market in ifon , Alara market in Ara , Alamisi and Monday markets in ikirun. These are the authentic people that accurately rate your performance. “Also, various abandoned projects that littered the state with billions of Naira making their way into private pockets are there for people to see”, Adagunodo said. Osun PDP said all what APC and governor Oyetola is doing is to embark on propaganda in his latest efforts to disabuse the minds of the people against the inhuman treatment being meted out to Osun people. “Governor Gboyega Oyetola is hereby advised to face real governance instead of the old style of using padded propaganda that they are used to which has become obsolete and no longer reliable to deceive people into voting for them, because people are now wiser and are already counting the APC days,” Adagunodo said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.