The Plateau State Police Command on Friday said it has arrested 26 persons for cases ranging from criminal conspiracy and culpable homicide, unlawful possession of counterfeit currency, criminal conspiracy, armed robbery and receiving stolen property. The police also said among other suspects are a case of criminal conspiracy and trafficking in person, unlawful possession of firearms and arrests of two notorious cultists. This was disclosed by the Commissioner of Police in the State, Isaac Akinmoyede, while parading the suspects at the command’s headquarters in Jos, the State Capital, saying these were some of their success story in the past three weeks. Akinmoyede said, “On 21/08/2019 at about lO:OO hours, one Nanshep Ishaya of qur village in Zamko area of Langtang North LGA reported at the Langtang Divisional headquarters that on 18 August, 2019 the following suspects; Domven Zwalchir 75 years, Singtak Dangnap 50 years, Gilmak Jamda 45years, Timchang Gungtim 38years, Selkap Danjuma 36years, Takjina Kuman 80years, 7. Gwakzing Seljum 33years, Nimdip Zwalbin 50years, Nantim Jamda 46years and, Danjuma Fankur 70years all male of the above-mentioned address conspired, arrested and took one Nden Gungnim aged 35years whom they accused of being a wizard to a forest in Qur. “The deceased (Nden Gungnim) was tortured, killed and buried in a shallow grave there.” The CP explained further that, “On receipt of the report, detectives of the command immediately swung into action by arresting the above suspects who confessed to the commission of the crime. “They thereafter led detectives to the scene of the crime where the body of the deceased was exhumed and taken to the Langtang General Hospital for Autopsy. According to him, “The action of the suspects is barbaric, dastardly and repugnant to natural justice, equity and good conscience. An investigation is still ongoing at the end of which suspects will be made to face the full wrath of the law. He also said, “On 30 August , 2019 at about 15:00 hours while acting on a reliable and timely intelligence, detectives of the Command arrested one Isa Ibrahim 30yrs of Mayobelwa, Adamawa State and one Danjuma Yilbis 38yrs of Ron, Bokkos LGA, Plateau State with thirty (30) bundles and fourteen (14) half bundles of one thousand naira (N 1,000) counterfeit notes. Meanwhile, investigation is ongoing with the hope of arresting more members of the criminal syndicate. The Police boss said the counterfeit currency amounted to the sum of N16 million. He said the suspects shall be charged to court as soon as investigation is over. He also added that four suspects were arrested on the 10 August 2019 in a case of criminal conspiracy, armed robbery and receiving stolen property. The Commissioner of Police further stated that three persons were arrested in a case of criminal conspiracy and armed robbery on the 1st August, 2019. According to him, “On 1st August, 2019 at about 22:00 hours, one Alh. Abdullahi Umar of Ganuwa Village in Wase LGA reported at the Wase Divisional Headquarters that his brother one Dahiru Umar 23yrs was robbed of his Boxer motorcycle valued at N225, 000 along Wase/Lamba Road by unknown gunmen. “He stated further that the gunmen in the process of the robbery shot at the victim and his elder brother one Abubakar Muhammed of the same address. Investigation into the case led to the arrest of the following suspects; Babale Bala, Ladip Phillip, Babawuro Manga. The suspects have confessed to the commission of the crime and shall be charged to court very soon. In a case of criminal conspiracy and trafficking in person, the Police boss said the command has arrested five suspects in a case of criminal conspiracy and trafficking in person. According to him, the suspects will be charged to court according to their involvement in the illegal trade. The Police Commissioner further stated that two notorious cultists Ugochukwu Nwosu and Benjamin Stephen
were arrested on the 13th August, 2019 Jenta and Gada biu areas on 1st September 2019, respectively, all in Jos North LGA of the state. The CP said investigation is ongoing in the cases and suspects will be charged to court. Speaking on the ember months, the Police boss said, “The ember months are here with us and it is a notorious fact that they are associated with hype in activities including crime. “The Command is however resolved to cut down on crime in the state. Akinmoyede assured that “Consequently, we are strengthening the office personnel and deploying them to the field. Also, the patrol system is being reorganized for effectiveness and efficiency”, he stressed. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.