The Abia State House of Assembly has screened the immediate past Deputy Speaker of the house, Rt. Hon. Cosmos Ndukwe and ex-Chairman of the State Muslim Pilgrim Welfare Board, Alhaji Suleiman Ukandu, as Commissioner-nominees. Recall that the Abia State Governor, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, had forwarded to the State Assembly the Commissioner-nominees list for screening and confirmation as Honorable
Commissioners in the State Executive Council(SEC). This was contained in a terse statement forwarded to DAILY POST last week by the State Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi Kalu. Among the personalities that made up the list include; the immediate Past deputy Speaker, Dr Cosmos Ndukwe, Alhaji Barr. Suleiman Ukandu and Hon. Theophilus Ugboaja, ex-lawmaker that represented Ikwuano state constituency of Abia state. However, at the plenary session of the State Assembly on Tuesday, the Majority Leader, Hon Solomon Akpulonu, moved the motion that the House continued with the screening of Commissioner Nominees. The Minority Leader, Hon Abraham Oba, seconded the motion while the House responded in the affirmative when the Speaker put it into vote. The Sergeant-At-Arms ushered in the first Commissioner Nominee, Dr Cosmos Ndukwe. The Speaker asked the nominee to introduce himself to the Assembly and identify his immediate Representative which he did in the person of Hon. Chijioke Chukwu representing Bende North state constituency. Chukwu, asked the House to ask the commissioner nominee questions. According to the lawmaker, “Rt.Hon Cosmos Ndukwe since 1999 has traversed the state right from the time he was elected as a Councillor. It would also interest you that the man has served the state as a Chief of Staff. “One thing I want you to know is that the man displayed an extra ordinary statesmanship during the last election. “On that note Mr Speaker, my dear colleagues, I implore us to allow him take a bow and go.” The Speaker therefore asked the nominee, Dr Cosmos Ndukwe, to take a bow and go. The Sergeant-At-Arms ushered the next nominee, Barr. Suleiman Ukandu, a Member of the Abia State Advisory Council and former Abia chairman of the State Pilgrim Welfare Board. The nominee(Ukandu) having introduced himself, the Speaker opened the questioning session. Suleiman Ukandu hailed from the Speaker’s State constituency, Umuahia central. The speaker said, “I know Barr. Suleiman Ukandu as a gentleman, he is an intelligent man, an honest man, and most importantly, my campaign Director that worked so hard to see me through in the last election that brought me to this House. Also speaking on the nominee, the Lawmaker representing Umuahia North State Constituency, Hon Kelechi Onuzuruike, said Barr Suleiman Ukandu is well known to him. Onuzurike said, “Mr Speaker, my Honourable Colleagues, I hereby move that we extend the same privilege given to a commissioner nominee yesterday by virtue of our former Speaker’s intervention. I therefore move that we allow the nominee to take a bow and leave”. Contributing, Ginger Onwusibe, member representing Isiala Ngwa North constituency, supported the call to extend the same privilege in reference to Barr Suleiman Ukandu because, according to him, he has at various times delivered to the people of Abia State. The Speaker subsequently asked the nominee to take a bow and exit the Chamber. DAILY POST reports that the house adjourned to reconvene tomorrow (Wednesday) for another legislative activities. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.