The crisis between the governor of Ogun State, Prince Dapo Abiodun and the Labour Party in the state took a new dimension as the party accused Abiodun and the All Progressives Congress (APC) of “cooking up a fake letter of disqualification purportedly from the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) with the view to undermining Labour Party pleadings before the highest court.” The Labour Party revealed this in a letter by his Chairman in Ogun, Abayomi Arabambi, and made available to DAILY POST weekend in Abeokuta. Arabambi accused Gov Abiodun of allegedly manufacturing a letter indicating that the INEC, before the 2019 governorship election, sent a disqualification letter to the LP for its failure to nominate a deputy governorship candidate. According to Arabambi, no such letter existed before the election, challenging Abiodun to, “produce the purported acknowledged letter from INEC before the Supreme court”; adding that ” the LP will not be blackmailed, hoodwinked or intimidated by any individual, group of persons or institution.” The statement reads: “It has come to our attention that as a result of service of proceedings from the Supreme court, Gov. Dapo Abiodun and APC have cooked up a fake letter of disqualification purportedly from INEC with the view to undermine our pleadings before the highest court of the land. “No such “acknowledged letter” existed before the commencement of this case nor during. To suddenly manufacture such is not only laughable but criminal. Forgery is a serious offence under our criminal justice system. “The LP hereby dares Gov. Dapo Abiodun and the APC to produce the purported acknowledged letter from INEC before the Supreme court. Our prayers are simple, (1). the election that produce Gov. Dapo Abiodun is Null & void and should be thrown out. (2). Another election should be ordered in the interest of justice. “The LP will not be blackmailed, hoodwinked or intimidated by any individual, group of persons or institution. All we seek is justice.” Efforts to get Gov Abiodun’s reaction through his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, was unsuccessful as a phone call made to him by our correspondent was aborted due to poor network signal. In the same vein, a message sent to him more than two hours before filing this report was not replied. Ogun Chapter of the Labour Party and its governorship candidate, Ms Modupeola Sanyaolu had on Friday dragged the governor of Ogun State, Prince Dapo Abiodun to the Supreme Court in Abuja The party approached the Supreme Court after the Court of Appeal sitting in Ibadan, dismissed its applications against the judgment of the Ogun State governorship election petition tribunal delivered on June 21, 2019. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.