The Federal Government has been urged to openly prosecute all those behind the alleged N40 Billion Tax-payers Money wasted in the name of 2019 Elections Campaigns. The Group, Budget Advocacy and Reforms Association, said the alleged campaign scandal will be used to probe Buhari Administration’s sincerity in the fight against corruption and illicit money transactions. Speaking at a meda chat in Kano, the groups Chief Executive, Dr Abdullahi Ya’u insisted that whoever is found culpable in the alleged scandal should be allowed to face the law. The group further applauded the expected financial transparency associated with the opening of a treasury portal under the office of the Accountant General of the Federation by the Budget Advocacy and Reforms Association, BRASS. Among several recommendations, Dr. Yau called for “wide sensitization of the general public on effective and frequent utilization of the portal, adequate space for uploading feedbacks, including pictures of evidence from citizens based on their observations. He also called for the engagement of the civil society organizations and media houses to mobilise the public on the effective usage of the portal.” The group also recommended that “the Accountant General of the Federation as the host of the portal should encourage the 36 states of the Federation on how to launch similar iconic initiative so as to deepen the transparency objective of this present administration.” “The open treasury policy is a paradigm shift that is timely and will go along way in supporting open governance and transparency in line with digitalization of public accounting system that resonates with fast growing global digitalization of governance must not be left behind. “The policy provides means of tracking government financial releases whereby bringing more citizens participation iN governance and it also provides opportunity for citizens involvement in budget implementation efforts of all MDAs. “It provides an avenue for communication between government and its citizens on projects and services delivery issues as well as the inclusiveness nature of the portal which covers daily and periodic publication of the unaudited reports of all FGN entities and their respective financial activities is an exemplary initiative that encourages constructive criticisms and symbolizes freedom of information in the country,” the group said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.