Against the backdrop fear, rumours of attack, kidnapping and other forms of criminal activities in Kaduna state during Christmas celebrations, most residents in the crocodile city thanked Almighty God and appreciated the security apparatus put in place by the Chief Security Officer of the state during the Yuletide Already, before the yuletide, the state security chiefs, headed by the Commissioner for Internal Security, and home affairs, Mr. Samuel Aruwan had several security meetings aimed at ensuring a hitch-free Yuletide. The meetings afforded the heads of security agencies the opportunity to beam their search lights on danger spots. Several officers and men were deployed to various nooks and cranny of the state to ensure a peaceful celebrations Many residents of the state had before the Christmas festivity, fled from town for fear of the unknown but, some other residents who could not afford to travel remained in the state, in the hope that the security agencies will be proactive. In all the 23 local government areas of the state, there was no reported case of kidnapping, armed banditry or any other form of criminality. According to a resident in Ugwan-Sanu, Dr. Joseph Amodu who expressed gratitude to Almighty God for peaceful celebration, ”the mercy of God prevailed, and there was peaceful celebrations devoid of any criminality, we thank God for this year. The peace we witnessed during this Christmas, will surely continue till by the Grace of God. Also, speaking in an interview, a Muslim brother in Zaria, Alhaji Ibrahim Yunusa said, the much rumour of attack during the Christmas turned out to be false and both Christians and Muslims seems to be more united during the Yuletide. According to him, “some Muslim brothers, worshipped with their Christian brothers during church service in Zaria
“members of Islamic Group, worshipped with Christians to show their love for one another. He called on all peace loving residents in the state to come together, irrespective of religion in order to move the state forward. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.