Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. President Muhammadu Buhari has sent Edward Lametek Adamu’s name to the Senate for confirmation as the Chairman of the Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON). The President also sent names of members of the board of the FIRS in his letter. The names include James Yakwen Ayuba (North Central), Ado Danjuma (North West), Adam Baba Mohammed (North East), A. Ikeme Osakwe (South East), Adewale Ogunyomade (South West) and Ehile Adetola Aigbangbee (South South). 2. A High Court in Kano State presided over by Justice A. T. Badamasi, has given an interim order restraining the state governor from “taking away the powers” of the four king makers of the Kano Emirate under the Kano States Emirate Council Law, 2019. The court order, also restrained the governor from taking any step whatsoever under the law without consultation with the applicants pending the hearing and determination of the motion on notice. 3. The Nigeria Customs Service, Sokoto Area Command, has intercepted 640 cartons of dangerous and unapproved aphrodisiacs (sex enhancement drugs) with the duty paid value of N914.8 million. Spokesman of the command, Magaji Mailafiya, who made this disclosure, said the drugs otherwise known as “lady killer or AK47” were seized following a tip off along Illela-Kware road on the 24th of November. 4. Police in Ogun State have arrested four men for allegedly shooting a herdsman in Odeda area of the state, DAILY POST reports. The Police Public Relations Officers in the state, DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi in Abeokuta on Tuesday, said the suspects, Ogunseye Funso, Ominyin Benjamin and two others attacked one Abubakar Idris and his brother while moving their cattle to Ijebu-Ode from Olugbo village via Odeda, on the 4th of December 2019. 5. As part of efforts to ensure the security of lives and properties in this festive season, the military authorities in Ogun State Tuesday launched ‘Operation Crocodile Smile.’ Speaking to newsmen on the formation of the anti-crime unit, the General Officer Commanding (GOC), 81 Division of the Nigerian Army, Major-General Olu Irefin, said “Operation Crocodile Smile is an exercise designed by the military and other units of the armed forces to checkmate the activities of criminals in this festive period.” 6. The Andoni Legislative Assembly says it has impeached the Executive Chairman of the Local government, Lawrence Paul over alleged financial impropriety. Paul was impeached by seven members, including the Leader of the Assembly, Talick Dandison who alleged that the Chairman disregarded invitations by the House. 7. The Ilorin Zonal Office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has arrested three persons, including a school vice-principal, for allegedly collecting money from students for examination malpractice. A statement signed by Mr Wilson Uwujaren, Head of Media and Publicity of the commission on Tuesday, said that the three persons were arrested at Government Day Secondary School, Otte, Kwara, during the ongoing National Examination Council (NECO). 8. Some burglars on Tuesday allegedly carted away the sum of N3.5million from the office of Mrs. Ebizi Ndiomu-Brown, the Deputy Chief of Staff to Governor Seriake Dickson. Ndiomu-Brown said her office was burgled and the sum of N3.5million was carted away, not the sum of N40 million as reported by some media. 9. A final year student of Law Department in the Rivers State University has been stabbed to death in her apartment in Port Harcourt. The victim, who was identified as Matilda Itonyo Mark, 24, was said to have been raped and subsequently stabbed by her assailants inside her apartment close to Eagle Island. 10. Justice Sulaiman Bolaji Belgore of the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), sitting at Apo division, Abuja, Tuesday remanded 60 members of the proscribed Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN), otherwise called Shi’ite Group. The affected members were sent to Kuje prison in Abuja and Suleja prison in Niger State. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.