Good morning: Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Nigeria’s Newspaper, ‘The Punch’ in its editorial on Wednesday, said, the paper will henceforth address President Muhammadu Buhari with his full name as General following his disobedience to rule of law and that it will call his administration, a regime instead. The Newspaper said, the Sowore saga, the El-zakzaky and the detention of former National Security Adviser as well as constant violation of the rule of law in the country informed its decision for the editorial. 2. The Presidency has said that Punch Newspaper’s editorial of Wednesday where it vowed to address President Muhammadu Buhari as a Major General and his government as a regime, is unconstitutional. The Presidency said it is not within the capacity of a media house to change the title of an elected president. 3. The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), has threatened to embark on nationwide strike soon. ASUU national president, Biodun Ogunyemi, who declared this on Wednesday after a National Executive Council (NEC) meeting, held at the Federal University of Technology, Minna, said the union shall activate its standing resolution of “No pay, No Work’ if federal government makes any attempt to stop their salaries over Integrated Payroll and Personnel Information System (IPPIS). 4. Nigeria’s First Lady, Dr. Aisha Buhari, has attacked a close relative of President Muhammadu Buhari, Mamman Daura, for allegedly issuing presidential directives behind her husband. Mrs. Buhari, who made the allegation in a statement she signed and made available to reporters in Abuja on Wednesday morning, claimed that Daura was issuing a directive to a presidential spokesperson, Garba Shehu, not to recognise her office. 5. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has claimed President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration, has become a house of commotion. In a statement on Wednesday, the National Secretary of the party, Kola Ologbondiyan, said Buhari has handed over the control of the government to a cabal. 6. The National Union of Electricity Employees, NUEE, has suspended its strike embarked upon to draw federal government’s attention to the plight of its members. Comrade Joe Ajaero, National President of NUEE said the understanding came about following the outcome of the meeting where the workers’ grievances were addressed. 7. A passenger identified as Chukwuma Anthony Ezeh, on Wednesday slumped and died at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA), Lagos. An official source at the MMIA arrival terminal told newsmen that the passenger slumped on arrival from China and died while waiting to collect his luggage. 8. Four staff of the Akwa Ibom Newspaper Corporation, publishers of Pioneer Newspaper, have been reported dead in a ghastly accident on Wednesday evening. It was gathered that the accident occurred along Airport Road, outskirts of Uyo, the state capital when the staff were returning from a marriage ceremony of one of their colleagues at Ekpene Ukim, Uruan local government area of the state. 9. Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo state on Wednesday signed the Oyo State Anti-Corruption Bill 2019 into Law. Makinde, who assented to the bill recently passed by the State House of Assembly, said that his assent was a signal his government was ready to enforce probity and accountability. 10. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Lagos Zonal office, Wednesday, re-arraigned a former Speaker of the Lagos State House of Assembly, Adeyemi Ikuforiji over alleged conspiracy and N338.8 million money laundering. Ikuforiji was arraigned alongside his former aide, Oyebode Alade before Justice Mohammad Liman of the Federal High Court sitting in Ikoyi, Lagos. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.