The Senior Pastor of the Awaiting The Second Coming Of Jesus Christ, Adewale Giwa, on Thursday, said President Muhammadu Buhari and the All Progressives Congress, APC, have made Nigerians regret voting them into power in 2015. Giwa made the remark while stating that the only obstacle to the nation’s progress was President Buhari. Addressing journalists in Akure, the Ondo State capital, the cleric stated that only unity and prayer can change the situation. He urged Nigerian Christians and Muslims to unite and beg God to destroy what he tagged “The walls of Jericho” before them. Giwa likened the current state of the nation to that of biblical ‘walls of Jericho’ defeated by the people of Israel led by Joshua, the son of Nun. He said “The All Progressives Congress, APC, and President Buhari had made Nigerians regret voting them into power in 2015. “If Joshua and other Israelites did not unite and pray, The Walls of Jericho wouldn’t’ have been defeated. How do you feel when you stand on the verge of reaching a long-awaited goal? “After spending forty difficult years wandering in the desert of Sinai, the people of Israel were now on the eastern banks of the Jordan. Their challenge to get to the land of Canaan, the Promised Land was the city of Jericho. “When the people did finally shout, the massive walls collapsed instantly, and Israel won an easy victory. It was when the people of God, by faith and unity, followed the commands of God that the walls of Jericho fell down. “The same scenario is playing itself out in Nigeria right now, we must unite and pray fervently against evil leaders who are enslaving the people. The greatest challenge one can have is to see anyone standing on his way to progress. “Nigeria is blessed as a nation, but the leaders have failed to walk on God’s paths. If you are not a wicked leader, you would not have been watching your tribe killing another tribe without bringing them to justice. “If you are a good leader, you would not have jailed the innocent people and allowed killers to move freely in the country. If you are a God-fearing man, you would have fulfilled all the promises you made during the electioneering campaigns. “Woe to those who call evil good and good evil, who put darkness for light and light for darkness, who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter. For those who are evil will be destroyed, but those who hope in the LORD will inherit the land. The people of God will inherit Nigeria while the evil shall be punished.” The outspoken Christian leader also berated President Muhammadu Buhari’s aides for allowing themselves to be controlled by money. According to him, instead of advising their boss (Buhari) to listen to the cries of Nigerians on good governance, ‘they rather prefer dancing naked with him’. Giwa wondered why none of Buhari’s aides could come out clean and ‘call a spade a spade’. “Money has changed them totally and they can no longer talk to the president. Some of them are protecting their jobs forgetting that their offices are not permanent. Another person is coming to that office after your exit. When you see some of them talking, they talk as if they would be there forever. Don’t worry, the table must definitely turn one day. “They are doing everything possible not to allow us to talk, but the Lord that sent me is greater than them. If this government fails to listen to the cries of Nigerians, the Lord shall tear its kingdom and give to the most unexpected person. “After Solomon died, his son Rehoboam became king. Rehoboam was a vain and foolish man. Jeroboam, warned Rehoboam not to make the same mistake his father made by taxing the people of Israel heavily to finance a luxurious lifestyle. “Rehoboam defied the advice to lighten the yoke of oppression and said, “My father laid on you a heavy yoke; I will make it even heavier. My father scourged you with whips; I will scourge you with scorpions! “The people responded to Rehoboam’s harshness by rebelling against the new king and making Jeroboam king over Israel. Out of the 12 tribes of Israel, only the tribes of Judah and Benjamin followed Rehoboam while the other ten tribes supported Jeroboam. “The word of God is quick and powerful, and no one knows how God operates. We might think there is no hope for Nigeria, but when God is ready, He can use anybody to turn the country around,” says Giwa. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.