The Biafra Nations Youth League, BNYL, has condemned the attack on former President Goodluck Jonathan’s residence by unknown gunmen. The Chief Press Secretary of the group, Richard Odung, in a statement to DAILY POST on Tuesday, said that youths in Bayelsa had decided to allow themselves to be used for politics. The group wondered why there is always a do or die politics in the Niger Delta, especially in Bayelsa State. The pro-Biafra group said it suspects that the lost of the ruling party to All Progressives Congress, APC in the State which Jonathan was accused of working against his party, was the reason for the attack. DAILY POST reported that about three of the gunmen were also killed by the soldiers, who foiled their attempt to break into the former president’s house. The BNYL’s spokesman said, “i think it is the suspicion that Jonathan sold his party out to APC when he visited Buhari that is leading to this nonsense some of our youths who have decided to allow themselves to be used as political thugs. “To us , we feel that lack of understanding of what politics is all about is why we cannot record progress and unity in the South-south “in 2019 they were ready to die for Jonathan, but today they are after him, Politicians knows where they meet, they create problems for personal interests.” The group also drew the attention of the group that threatened the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, over attack on Chibuike Amaechi, adding, “the group who called themselves Concerned Niger Delta Group should first educate themselves, unite their people before coming out publicly to exhibit their stupidity because Amaechi was allegedly beaten. “The truth is that some of our South-south politicians especially in riverine Rivers State and Bayelsa are using these their political militants disguising as freedom fighters to haunt themselves for selfish moves.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.