Five police officers have been arrested in connection with the shooting that led to the death of one 27 years old Maliki Mohammed in Oshodi area of Lagos State on Friday. Two other persons were reported to be injured in the incident, which occurred at Crest Inn Club, Balogun Street. The police officers, arrested on the order of the Lagos State Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, are Inspector Orubu Olusola; Inspector Apalowo Ola; Inspector Kasai Sule; Sergeant Momoh Ogwuche and Sergeant Adoga Collins. They are all attached to Akinpelu Division and under the supervision of DSP Oloko Wale, the Divisional Crime Officer and ASP Adamu Babajo, the Divisional Operations Officer. In a statement issued by the spokesman of the Lagos Police Command, DSP Bala Elkana, the incident occurred at about 8.30 pm. In their statement, the team said officers were at the club in response to a complaint made by one Makinde Omowunmi Abibat of 9 Olaore Street, Mafoluku, Oshodi, at Akinpelu Police Station, that she was assaulted in the club. The police officers said while trying to effect an arrest, they were attacked by some hoodlums which necessitated their use of firearms. However, the police authority said their action fell short of the provision of Force Order 237 which defined the circumstances in which a police officer would be justified to use his firearms and the use of force. Elkana stated that the police officers involved were already facing internal disciplinary proceedings known as Orderly Room Trial at the Provost Department of the Command. If found guilty, they will be handed over to conventional court for prosecution. Members of the public, the police said, would be updated on the outcome of the Orderly Room Trial. Meanwhile, the Divisional Police Officer, DPO; the Divisional Crime Officer, DCO and the Divisional Operations Officer were issued official queries for lack of supervision. So far, eleven suspects were said to have been arrested in connection with the attack on the team as Odumosu has ordered a thorough investigation into the case. The CP was said to have empathized with the families of the deceased person and those injured. He called on the people of Lagos State to remain calm as he assured that justice would not only be done but will be seen to be done. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.