The All Progressives Congress (APC), has lauded the Appeal Court judgment vindicating the qualifications of Bayelsa Deputy Governor-elect Biobarakuma Degi-Eremienyo. Yekini Nabena, the Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the APC said the court judgment reversing an earlier Federal High Court ruling which disqualified Degi-Eremienyo from participating in the Nov. 16. Bayelsa governorship election was commendable. Nabena, who spoke to journalists on Monday shortly after the judgment in Abuja, thanked the people of Bayelsa State for their dogged and unflinching support for the APC. Nabena said: “Going by today’s (Monday) ruling by the three-member panel chaired by Justice Stephen Adah, the legal action undertaken by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was a clear case of abuse of court processes. “Bayelsans can also now look forward to the administration of the governor-elect, David Lyon that will usher in pro-people programmes.” The APC chieftain thanked the people of Bayelsa for supporting and identifying with the party’s governorship and deputy governor-elect, NAN reports. An Appeal Court sitting in Abuja reversed the judgment of a Federal High Court disqualifying the Deputy-Governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Biobarakuma Degi-Eremienyo from participating in the Bayelsa State governorship election on November 16. The three-man panel chaired by Justice Stephen Adah said the case which was brought under Section 36 of the Electoral Act is criminal in nature and the respondents in the case ought to prove beyond reasonable doubt that Senator Degi-Eremienyo gave false information in his form C001 submitted to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) as part of his qualifications to contest the election. The Appellant Court held that more so the lawmaker submitted an affidavit sworn to court to prove that the names Adeyi-Eremienyo on his school-leaving certificate is one and the same as Degi-Eremienyo on his GCE certificate and newspaper cuttings announcing to the whole world a change in name and same was not challenged by the respondents in the lower court as such the findings of the lower court are erroneous. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.