Following the leadership crisis in Kano State between Governor Abdullahi Ganduje and Mohammed Sanusi, a matter that has since generated serious tension within the State, with likely consequences on peace and security and with the possibility of spilling into neighbouring states, a group of elders, under the chairmanship of General Abdulsalami Abubakar, GCFR has been formed to intervene in the crisis, with a view to bringing about, full reconciliation and effective resolution of the matter. A press release signed by Adamu Fika (Wazirin Fika) said Two-State Governors are also members of the committee, who include Gov. Kayode Fayemi (who is also the chairman of the Nigerian Governors’ Forum) and Gov. Aminu Bello Masari of Katsina State. The Committee also has Alh. Adamu Fika, Wazirin Fika, CFR
Gen. Muhammadu Inuwa Wushishi, CFR, GCON
Alh Abdullahi Ibrahim, SAN
Dr. Dalhatu Sarki Tafida, OFR, CFR
Dr. Umaru Mutallab, CON
Prof. Ibrahim Gambari, CFR
Sheikh Sharif Ibrahim Saleh
Dr. Adamu Fika – Secretary He said the committee was working with the full understanding and cooperation of the Federal Government and initial contact has been made with His Excellency, the Governor of Kano, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, as well as with His Highness, the Emir of Kano, Sarki Muhammadu Sanusi II. They have each confirmed to hold back from taking any further actions until the committee has fully undertaken and finalised this exercise of reconciliation and resolution. The statement further revealed that they have respectively been mandated to call on all their supporters and sympathisers including social media operators to refrain from making statements, declarations, songs, articles, blogs and all actions inimical to the spirit and process of good governance, order and reconciliation. ”We call on everyone to hearken to the call of their principals.” ”May God Almighty continue to bless our country, grant us greater peace and prosperity, and may He bless, guide and protect our leaders. Amin.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.