The National Information Technology Development Agency, NITDA, has initiated enforcement action against 125 Ministries, Department and Agencies, MDAs, for violation of Federal Government’s directives. NITDA had instructed that all Information Technology, projects by its agencies and MDAs be cleared from its stable before implementation. However, NITDA says some MDAs violated the directives contained in a circular with Ref No. 9736/S.2/C.II/125, and issued on 31st August 2018. However, the Agency’s Director General and Chief Executive Officer, Kashifu Inuwa Abdullahi warned the affected parties to comply forthwith by submitting all projects for clearance with NITDA and to procure IT goods and services in line with the Regulatory Guidelines for Nigerian Content Development in ICT. A statement signed by Abdullahi reads: “NITDA hereby notifies the general public, MDAs and Government-owned companies that the Agency has initiated enforcement action against one hundred and twenty-five(125) MDAs for violation of the directive of the Federal Government issued via Circular with Ref No. 9736/S.2/C.II/125, issued on 31 st August 2018 which mandates all MDAs and Federal Government Agencies to clear all IT Projects with NITDA before implementation and to comply with the Regulatory Framework for Promotion of Local Content in IT in line with Executive Orders 003 & 005. “To underscore the Government’s determination in ensuring compliance to these regulatory instruments, President Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR, in his speech at the 12th edition of the e-Nigeria Conference, Exhibition and Awards, on Thursday 28th November 2019, reiterated his directives given at the 2018 edition of e-Nigeria, that NITDA is to work with relevant stakeholders to ensure that all government-funded ICT projects are reviewed and cleared by the Agency before implementation. “The Public may recall that NITDA had issued two regulatory instruments for the Promotion of Indigenous Content Development in ICT and the Guidelines for Clearance of Information Technology Projects by Public Institutions. These regulatory instruments were issued pursuant to Section 6 (a) (b) (c) of the NITDA Act 2007, therefore violations of these Guidelines constitute an offence pursuant to Section 17(4) of the Act and punishable under Section 18 of the
same Act. “NITDA has referred this matter to the Nigerian Police Force for appropriate investigation and prosecution in line with the extant law. Principal and relevant officers of these MDAs will be held liable for violations of these regulations in line Section 17 (3) (a). “All erring parties are advised in their own interest to comply forthwith by submitting all projects for Clearance with NITDA and to procure IT goods and services in line with the Regulatory Guidelines for Nigerian Content Development in ICT. NITDA remains resolutely committed to enforcing its guidelines and in discharging its mandate for the development of IT in Nigeria. “The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) is a Federal Government Agency under the supervision of the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. NITDA was established in April 2001 to implement the Nigerian Information Technology Policy as well as coordinate general IT development and regulation in the country. Specifically, Section 6(a, b, c, f & m) of the Act mandates NITDA to create a framework for the planning, research, development, standardization, application, coordination, monitoring, evaluation and regulation of Information Technology practices, activities and systems in Nigeria; provide guidelines to facilitate the establishment and maintenance of appropriate infrastructure for information technology and systems application and development in Nigeria for public and private sectors, urban-rural development, the economy and the government; render advisory services in all information technology matter to the public and private sectors and accelerate internet and intranet penetration in Nigeria and promote sound Internet Governance by giving effect to the Second Schedule of the Act.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.