Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has hailed the Supreme Court verdict, which upheld his election. In a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, the Governor described the verdict as not only a victory for the people, but for democracy, the judiciary and an attestation to the awesomeness of God. Governor Abiodun also appreciated the people of Ogun State, the All Progressives Congress and all other parties that have shown support and solidarity for his administration. “Following the earlier judgement of the 2019 Governorship Election Petition Tribunal and the Court of Appeal verdict which dismissed in its entirety, the claims of Mr Adekunle Akinlade and the Allied People Movement’s petition, the Apex Court was apt in dismissing the appeal for lacking merit.” the statement reads. “Prince Abiodun wishes to thank the team of erudite lawyers for their diligence and masterful display of knowledge of the law that ensured that he won in all the matters against him and his party,” Somorin said. Also, the state chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), has described the Supreme Court verdict that affirmed the victory of Prince Dapo Abiodun as a validation of the popular saying that “when God says yes, no man can say no.” In a press statement issued on Wednesday and signed by the Publicity Secretary of APC Caretaker Committee, Tunde Oladunjoye, the party said the verdict of “the Supreme Court, which was in concurrence with the earlier judgements of the Ogun State Governorship Election Petition Tribunal and that of the Court of Appeal, Ibadan, was a reaffirmation that Prince Dapo Abiodun is God’s project. “To us as a party, despite the harassment, violence and boasts of men, God spoke on March 9, 2019, the highest court in the land, the Supreme Court, has spoken today, therefore the needless distraction arising from day-dreaming litigations and court-shopping syndrome has been finally and permanently buried, and our governor can now squarely face the business of governance in the execution of mandate freely given to him by the good people of Ogun State. “We had maintained right from the onset that Prince Dapo Abiodun’s clear victory at the election was a divine mandate and a true reflection of the choice of the good people of Ogun State. The Chairman of the Election Petition Tribunal, in a unanimous judgment, described the Petition of our opponent and his mushroom party as “destined to fail”; the Court of Appeal in a unanimous said it “lacked merit”; and the Supreme Court concurred with the judgement of the lower courts.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.