Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the composition of a new board for the Federal Inland Revenue Service, FIRS. The President nominated a renowned tax consultant, Muhammad M. Nami as the new chairman. The President’s approval is, however, subject to Senate confirmation. 2. Immediate past Executive Chairman of the Federal Inland Revenue Service, FIRS, Tunde Fowler, has reacted to the nomination of Muhammad M. Nami, as the new chairman of the agency. Fowler, while reacting, thanked President Buhari for the opportunity to serve Nigeria, even as he handed over to the Coordinating Director Domestic Taxes Group, Abiodun Aina, who promised to steady the ship of the FIRS. 3. Acting Executive Chairman, Federal Inland Revenue Service, FIRS, Abiodun Aina, on Monday, said Tunde Fowler stepped on toes during his first term as the chairman. Aina said this at the handover ceremony on Thursday after President Muhammadu Buhari nominated Muhammad M. Nami as the new FIRS chairman Aina, who spoke in glowing terms about Fowler, thanked him for transforming FIRS even as he admitted that he stepped on toes during his term. 4. Deputy Senate President, Ovie Omo-Agege, on Monday, said he had introduced a bill for comprehensive amendment of the Electoral Act No. 6 of 2010. Omo-Agege said this at the Nigeria Civil Society Situation Room Stakeholders Forum on Elections, organised by the coalition of more than 70 civil societies in Abuja. He said the bill, co-sponsored with Sen. Abubakar Kyari of Borno North Senatorial District, was now making its way to public hearing, having scaled Second Reading with overwhelming bipartisan support in the Senate. 5. Following the verification of workers within the Local Government Service of Ondo State, 51 non-existing workers, otherwise known as ghost workers were uncovered. The state’s Head of Service, Mr. Dare Aragbaye who disclosed this at the NUJ Press Centre, Alagbaka, Akure, said that the state government has stopped salary payment of the discovered ghost workers due to their failure to appear for the verification exercise conducted for its workforce. 6. Zonal head of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, in Ilorin, Isyaku Sharu, said the body had recovered over 10 properties and cash worth over N3.6bn from treasury looters in Kwara State since February 2019 when it began operations in the state. Sharu spoke during a rally, which was an advocacy to further create awareness for the world to unite against corruption. He noted that “it is pertinent to know that at the eve of the last handover in Kwara State, the commission saved the state government over N4bn of tax refund. 7. Operatives of the Nigerian Navy, Forward Operating Base, Ibaka, Mbo Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State, have arrested eight suspected smugglers with 112 drums of Premium Motor Spirit. The Commanding Officer, Navy Capt. Peter Yilme, while handing over the suspects and seized items to the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, said each of the seized drums has the capacity to carry 300 litres of petrol. 8. The Katsina State Police Command has arrested a 20-year-old notorious kidnap kingpin, Aliyu Sani of Sabuwar-Unguwa quarters, Katsina. The Command’s Public Relations Officer, SP Gambo Isah, who made the disclosure to newsmen at a news briefing on Monday in Katsina, said that the suspect was apprehended on Wednesday, Dec.4, in Katsina, following a tip-off. 9. Femi Falana, counsel to Omoyele Sowore, convener of RevolutionNow Movement, on Monday alleged that the Department of State Services, DSS, apologized to Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu over the invasion of her courtroom by its operatives. Falana maintained that a DSS lawyer, Hassan Liman and an officer who led the team “profusely” apologized to the judge in her chambers, after which they were ordered to vacate the premises. 10. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on Monday disclosed that the Kano Zonal office seized over N643,942 million in 2019. Chairman of the Commission, Ibrahim Magu, who disclosed this on Monday, during the commemoration of the 2019 International Anti Corruption Day in Kano with the theme ‘Zero Tolerance to Corruption, said the commission has also recovered $706,800 dollar, 2,800 amount in Yen and also 294,950 in Saudi currency. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.