Three teenagers who earned their livings through picking unused iron, nails from refuse dumps and construction sites on Thursday met their untimely death as sand on construction site buried them alive The teenagers, Zahradeen
(16), Abdul(12), and Rasheed (11), on Wednesday went to construction site located in Rigasa Community of Igabi Local Government Area of Kaduna State to pick unused iron. They dug hole to remove unused iron trapped beneath sand when suddenly, the sand fell on them, buried them completely leaving the leg of one of them outside DAILY POST reliably gathered that, the incident was not known until Thursday afternoon when a woman who went to fetch firewood saw one of the legs buried. She raised alarm, which attracted Rigasa villagers to the scene. The incident created confusion in the community as two other teenagers in similar circumstances were rescued and taken to hospital for treatment few weeks before the recent incident Residents said all the three teenagers died on the spot as the Chief Imam of Kalshen Kwalta Juma’at Mosque, Malam Jamilu, who confirmed the incident to DAILY POST on Thursday evening, said he performed the funeral on the victims. He described the tragedy as very sad, saying one of the victims, 16-year-old Zahradeen ‎was the son of his neighbour. “Yes, the victims were three in number and they were of 12-16 years of age. One of the victims is the son of my neighbour. He is called Zahradeen. I performed their funeral prayers. “They went to a construction site where the state government is constructing a bridge, digging to remove irons beneath the earth just like the local miners ‎are doing when the sand fell on them and were buried alive,” he said. It was further gathered that a passerby saw what happened and raised the alarm but all efforts to rescue them failed because there were no equipment to excavate the sand. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.