The Ijaw Youth Council (IYC) Worldwide, has attacked Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State, over the killing of 42 of their sons and daughters during the 2019 general elections. The IYC launched the attack in a statement signed by its Secretary-General, Alfred Kemepado. The IYC, in the statement reminded Wike that 42 of its kinsmen in Rivers State died in the violence that characterized the election that made him a governor. The youths, who issued the statement at Harry’s Town, expressed disappointment that despite their death, Wike had yet to give them befitting burials. They also said that Wike was dancing on the graves of 42 of their kinsmen by threatening to remove an Ijaw King in Rivers State The IYC said the 42 dead bodies and more of Ijaw youths, who needed proper burial in the Buguma and Abonnema towns of Rivers State, were still waiting for the governor to bury them properly, adding not even a condolence letter had been sent to any of the victims including Sister Ibisiki, who was also murdered in same manner in Degema. The statement added, “The harmless youths were murdered by federal forces while they stood to defend the democracy that made Governor Wike the Governor of Rivers State. “Up till date, a befitting burial has not been given to any of the Ijaw sons or even compensation to their families. Wike visited Late Dr Ferry Gberegbe, a victim of such violence in Khana and donated about N200m, which is commendable, but not even a condolence letter has been sent to any of the victims in Abonnema, Buguma and our Sister Ibisiki who was also murdered in same manner in Degema. “This act of disregard alone, demonstrates Wike’s disrespect and disregard for the lives of our people. Instead, Governor Wike is spitting on their graves by threatening to remove an Ijaw Monarch because of the Visit of Governor Dickson to the monarch over the death of his children. “We want Governor Wike to note and abundantly so, that the traditional stools in Ijaw land are older than Rivers State where he is Governor and they should not be considered as subjects he can intimidate. “Governor Wike should remember his own Ikwere tradition that prescribes respect for the elderly and traditional institutions, and should resist the temptation to overreach himself, but tame himself from being disrespectful and vulgar when addressing elders and traditional stools. “Governor Wike should compensate the Ijaws with projects in Ijaw land because the Ijaws are the highest casualties in his bid to become Governor of Rivers State the second time. “We call on Governor Wike to erect a memorial in honor of the Ijaw youths massacred for his sake and not insult Ijaw Monarchs. That until Wike apologises to the Ijaw Monarch he threatened and to all Ijaws, no Ijaw community and her people should take him and anything that comes from him serious.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.