Mike Ozekhome, human rights lawyer, says the order to release Omoyele Sowore, convener of RevolutionNow Movement, and Sambo Dasuki, former national security adviser (NSA), shows the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government has realised its mistake. Abubakar Malami, Attorney-General of the federation, who gave the order to release Sowore and Dasuki on Tuesday, said the decision was in compliance with court orders. Reacting, Ozekhome in a statement applauded the federal government for its decision, adding that they were beginning to recognize the importance of rule of law other than ‘rule of thumb’. He further urged the government to also order the release of Ibraheem El-Zakzaky, leader of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN). Ozekhome added that el-Zakzaky, like Sowore and Dasuki, is perceived worldwide as a political prisoner. The statement read: “The order by the Federal government through the Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, SAN, for the immediate release of Colonel Sambo Dasuki who has been in detention for about 4 years, and Omoyele Sowore, who has been detained since August,2019, is salutary for democracy, respect for fundamental rights of the citizens and observance of rule of law,” the statement read. “I am happy the government has finally realised its faux pas and is seeing the same light which I saw since 2015 when I kicked against the illegal incarceration of Dasuki. It is never too late to take corrective measures and make amends. There is nothing like something good happening at a bad time, or something bad happening at a good time. “This government is beginning to see the importance of the rule of Law prevailing over rule of the thumb and over so-called national security, which is a euphemism for security of a government in power. “The government should add El-zakzaky to the list of detainees to be released, because the whole world, aside government apologists and grovellers, see all of them as political prisoners “Respect for rule of law and citizens’ fundamental rights constitute some of the key building blocks of democracy. Obedience to court orders, however distasteful, constitute the irreducible minimum of a civilised nation. “The government should build on this fresh air of freedom to stop tormenting Nigerians with maximum fear and subjugation, making them discuss in whispers and walking sumnabulistically like Ayi Kwei Armah’s “the living dead”. “I thank Mr President. I commend the Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, SAN, for this democratic gesture.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.