Popular Nigerian Singer, Duncan Mighty has opened up on his arrest by the Imo Police command. DAILY POST reports that Mighty was arrested in Imo for alleged fraud. The police had said that his arrest followed a petition written by an upcoming rap artist M2, who claimed that the Imo state government under former governor, Rochas Okorocha, through the office of the SA on Entertainment, entered into a deal with Duncan Mighty. The deal was to manage, promote, arrange
collaboration with other top artiste and sign M2 under YOUNG WEALTH record label owned by Duncan Mighty. However, speaking on his arrest, the ‘Port Harcourt Singer’ disclosed that he was, beaten and made to part with $22,000 in Imo state. Duncan Mighty took to his social media page to recount what happened, adding that he has been cleared of all investigation. He wrote: “Imo state government and Duncan Mighty for real life after honoring your phone call but you say korokoro kidnap na fraud yet you did not mention the first place I was taking to and the anti kidnapping led by Commander Linus and Ola. “I was also taken to an unknown location after enough beating, they collected physical cash 22k dollars given to me by CEO @kryxtal_penthouse whom God used as my guardian angel plus duress mobile transfer. “God I know who you are, no be me say ur boy go lose election why sending me your foundation student who was not even present until after signing why not EFCC why detaining me at anti-kidnap. “Oga you get government power but me I get God you get all high rankings but my mama raised an altar for me. “You said I should play the show at wangele for your boy ozb after using my pictures without informing my management but I still loyal perform for 3 hours after Phyno carry my 6m balance tuwama but you forget say video no be dido. some celebs follow believe dem bloggers, Channels, BBC, simply because you saw infrastructural and job creating achievement gotten in the same portharcourt some said my career wont smell 2years has now given birth to the answer of my people @jamycitybase a world class mtv america standard television station 85% ready worth n234million yet no loan no party no nddc abi. god has said is time for our industry to come alive. “Officer Chidiebere God bless you for your good heart, you are a policeman with the heart of gold upon say you be the IPO you make sure say the beating stop that morning. to everyone who prayed for me god bless you more.” (sic). Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.