The Abia State Governor, Dr. Okezie Ikpeazu, has inaugurated a 5-man committee to verify Niger Delta Development Commission(NDDC) projects in the state. This became necessary following the visit of Dr Joi Nuneih, the new Acting Managing Director of the Commission to Abia State last week, when she handed a list of hundreds of projects executed by the NDDC in the State to Governor Okezie Ikpeazu. Inaugurating the committee in his office on Monday on behalf of the Governor, Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Barr Chris Ezem, underlined the importance of the committee to the Government and people of the State, expressing confidence in their ability to deliver on the assignment since they were all selected based on their pedigree. The Governor urged them not to relent in getting the facts and figures behind the projects for government proper action insisting that “our people must get value for every NDDC project in the State”. In his response, the Chairman of the committee, Bishop Sunday Onuoha, expressed appreciation to the Governor for finding the committee members worthy of such an onerous assignment, “which we all take as a rare privilege to serve our State and our people. “We want to assure the Governor of our commitment to delivering excellently on the task without fear or favour”. Other members of the committee included, Elder Richard Nwala (Secretary). Engr Uzo Nwankwo, Mr Gabriel Aguwa Paul and Chief Jude Chijioke Ndukwe Speaking to newsmen shortly after the inauguration on Monday, a member of the Committee, Chief Jude Ndukwe said, “It is therefore our duty as the State’s NDDC project verification committee to unravel the true state of these projects, whether they truly exist or not, or if the projects have actually been executed, or even taken off at all, especially for hundreds of them marked “completed” and even hundreds more marked as “ongoing” on the list presented by the NDDC Acting Managing Director(MD). DAILY POST reports that the committee has two weeks to submit its report. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.