The Ohanaeze Youth Council(OYC) world-wide, has apologized to the Minister of Transportation, Chibuike Amaechi over the purported assault meted to him by the pro-Biafra agitators in Madrid, Spain. The Igbo youths condemned vehemently the alleged attack on Amaechi, promising the Minister and other South-East leaders that Igbo youths would guarantee the safety of all government officials in future while discharging their official duties abroad. This was disclosed in a statement signed by the OYC President-General, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro and Secretary-General, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, and made available to newsmen in Umuahia, Abia state capital, Monday. DAILY POST reports that the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, have claimed responsibility for the attack. Amaechi was attacked by a group of IPOB members in Madrid, while attending a climate change conference in the country. Confirming the incident, Amaechi said: “I was attacked by a few misguided Nigerians while on national assignment at a climate change event in Madrid, Spain. They were quickly repelled by the Spanish Police before they could do any harm. I am fine, I was not hurt. Thanks for your support and prayers”. However, Ohanaeze Youths said in the statement in reaction to the purported attack on Amaechi, “We had met in Mumbai India with Igbo leaders and some Coalition of Biafra agitators from different countries in Asia with the view of halting further embarrassment of Government officials and dignitaries especially Igbo leaders. There was displeasure and aggressive issues concerning perceived maltreatment meted out to Igbos which was expressed by those who were present at the meeting but resolutions were reached and will be communicated to the Secretary-General Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Dim Uche Okwukwu, who oversees the office of the Ohanaeze Youths and South-East Governors forum. “We want to assure our Governors and Ministers that there’ll be no further embarrassment in Asia, this Consultative dialogue and meetings will be replicated in America, Europe and African countries in nearby Future. We will continue to support President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration and South-East governors and protect them both at home and in Diaspora from further embarrassment and humiliation”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.