Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Twenty-five passengers have been confirmed dead following a head-on collision involving two vehicles at Gabi village along Bauch-Kano road. Bauchi State Police Command on Thursday in a statement issued by the command’s Public Relations Officer, DSP Jamal Datti Abubakar said Toyota Hummer bus conveying twenty two (22) passengers and J5 bus conveying four passengers and twenty cows were involved in the accident. 2. Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC) has confirmed that the loss of power supply in Abuja is as a result of ‘Grid system outage’ not based on strike by electricity workers. AEDC, therefore, appealed to Abuja residents over blackout, adding that work is in progress to restore power supply to Nigerians in the federal capital territory, FCT. 3. The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has ordered the suspension of the planned rally by a faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State loyal to National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole. In a letter addressed to the Deputy Governor, Philip Shaibu, in response to the application by the State Government to suspend the rally for security reasons, the IGP directed the Commissioner of Police in Edo State to ensure that the planned rally is suspended. 4. The Independent Corrupt Practice and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) has declared a member of the House of Representatives, Shehu Koko, wanted. ICPC in a statement issued by its Director, Public Enlightenment of the ICPC, Rasheedat Okoduwa, said the Koko, who represents Maiyama/Koko/Besse Federal Constituency, was declared wanted because he failed to appear before the commission for an ongoing investigation into constituency projects. 5. An Osun State High Court on Thursday, asked the Obalufe of Ife, Chief Idowu Adediwura, to vacate his throne. The court also directed the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi to fill the stool with a candidate from the Aga Ruling House within 21 days 6. The United States, on Thursday, threatened visa restrictions on anyone, who attempts to damage the peace process in South Sudan. Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo, said Washington would implement visa restrictions barring those who “undermine or impede the peace process in South Sudan’’ from entering the U.S. 7. Bauchi State Police Command on Thursday, arraigned a stalwart of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Umar Mai Fata, before the Chief Magistrate Court 11, for allegedly making a false accusation on a radio program against the state Governor Bala Mohammed. The police prosecutor, Inspector Ayuba Danladi, who filed the suit on behalf of the state Commissioner of Police, told the court that Mai Fata alleged that Bala took the sum of N1 billion from government coffers to fund the recent governorship election in Bayelsa State where he served as Chairman of the PDP campaign committee. 8. The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, on Thursday landed in Benin, the Edo state capital. On his arrival, he assured his supporters that the rally to receive defectors from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), will still hold. 9. Former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), John Oyegun, on Thursday spoke on the crisis rocking his party in Edo, describing it as “tragic and unfortunate”. Oyegun said that the rift between Gov. Godwin Obaseki and APC National Chairman, Adams Oshiomole, brought to fore the dangers of godfatherism in the nation’s politics. 10. Five suspected cultists have been allegedly murdered in Calabar, Cross River State capital in the renewed cult clash between suspected Axe Confraternity and Klansmen. Report said that one person was murdered at Gas Station along White House Street, Calabar on Wednesday, while another was reportedly killed on Thursday morning along Hart Street. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.