A cross-section of Nigerians have reacted to the crash involving Peace Mass Transit that led to the death of some persons. DAILY POST had reported that four people died while 26 were injured in a road accident involving Peace Mass Transit bus and GUO Motors on the Lagos-Ore-Benin highway in Odigbo Local Government Area of Ondo State. Confirming the accident, the Head of Operation and Deputy Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Commission, FRSC, in Ondo State, Olusegun Ogungbemide explained that the accident occurred on Wednesday. Ogungbemide identified that a Toyota Hiace bus belonging to GUO Transport marked ACA 606 XT and a bus belonging to Peace Mass Transit marked AKL 846 YY were involved in the accident. However, Nigerians, who took to their Twitter handle expressed their different opinion with regard to those patronizing the transport company. The tweets gathered by DAILY POST reads below: @Homiebishop: “Am I safe to say that some are just here to tarnish the image of peace mass transit and promote GIGM without even minding the accident that happened.” @saviolagodwyn: “Highway to the grave! Peace Mass Transit bus involved in ghastly accident along Ore-Benin expressway killing all 18 passengers. Me: Why always PEACE MASS TRANSIT?” @Ejarasuguren: “Someone defined peace mass transit as – “a peaceful transition of the masses to the other side.” This is so disheartening! May the souls of the departed rest on.” @chikagodwin007: “Even at gunpoint, I will not enter Peace Mass Transit because it will tantamount to death too. The transport company is death trap and they are famous for that. I think government should try and regulate the activities of that shitty company ASAP.” @RadJohnson1: “I’m so saddened by what I see and read about Peace mass transit. As someone that has used their vehicles for long I can confirm that the situation is not as dire as been painted. On a particular day they could have about 200 vehicles on the road.” @PHfashionplug: “Frustrated guy: am tired of this life I just want to die “Me: guy calm down “Frus’ Guy: I mean am “Me: you get like 2500 make I book peace mass transit for you “Frus’ guy.” @Kamsibest: “Peace Mass Transit. Most of your buses do not have speed limiters, the drivers are not trained, you know their stupidity and arrogance once you try telling them to reduce their speed.” @Adunni_Achebe: “In a sane country, the management of Peace mass transit would’ve been forced to call their drivers to order. The roads are terrible but PMT isn’t the only transport company plying them. “These road accidents are getting out of hand.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.