Two police officers attached to Oba Correctional Centre in Abeokuta have reportedly shot dead an up and coming comedian identified as Abiola Owonikoko. It was learnt that the incident happened over the weekend when the policemen sneaked out of their duty post in the prison to attend an end of the year party organised by miners in Oba, Obafemi Owode Local Government area of Abeokuta. A friend of Owonikoko, Olawale Yusuf, who reported the incident on the social media, said the yet-to-be identified policemen got drunk and started shooting, killing the comedian. DAILY POST recalls that the killing is coming almost at the same time when a Naval officer allegedly shot dead a butcher in Kara market. Also, a young man known as Alapa was allegedly beaten to death by policemen attached to the Ipokia Divisional Police headquarters as they were said to have beaten him with the butts of their guns. The Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, has confirmed that two policemen in the command were responsible for the death of Owonikoko. Oyeyemi said the policemen were on illegal duty when the incident occurred. He informed that the officer who pulled the trigger had fled, while the other is already in custody. “The incident is true; the policemen were at the scene of the incident on an illegal duty. They were posted to guard the prison in that area, so they left the place to carry out an illegal duty. No one sent them to that place to commit that atrocity. “As soon as the atrocity was committed, one of them ran away. They were two, who were posted to that place; we have one in our custody and we are using him to investigate and get the other policeman, who is at large. “He can only run, but he cannot hide; there is no way he will not be brought to justice. The corpse of the victim has been deposited in the mortuary, while the command is investigating the incident. We are assuring members of the public that such a heinous crime will never be covered and the perpetrator is definitely going to be apprehended, no matter how long, Oyeyemi assured. ” The police spokesman said, “Once we arrest him, we will make it known to members of the public and he is going to be prosecuted accordingly.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.