Good Morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP) has reportedly executed 11 captives, most of whom are Christians. Ahmad Salkida, a journalist renowned for monitoring terrorism activity, who reported the killings on Thursday, said two persons were, however, spared. 2. Chairman, Senate Committee on Finance, Sen Olamilekan Adeola, on Thursday, said the plan by the Buhari government to borrow about 30 billion dollars and debate approval was a necessary step to catalyse development. Adeola, who made the statement in Lagos while speaking with newsmen, said the 30 billion dollar loan the Federal Government is sourcing for is not one of those frivolous loans; but a loan that is tied to projects. 3. The immediate past National Security Adviser (NSA), retired Colonel Sambo Dasuki, has stated he would not grant any media interview. Dasuki intends to pay his last respect to his late father who passed away weeks after his initial arrest. 4. The Emir of Kano, Alhaji Muhammadu Sanusi II, has implored Muslims to give birth to only the number of children they can cater for. Sanusi, who gave this advice while speaking at the opening of the 108th edition of Islamic Vocation Course (IVC) organized by the Muslim Students’ Society of Nigeria (MSSN), insisted that the issue of Almajiri syndrome in the north is not a religious issue, but a social issue that needs urgent attention.
5. Plateau Governor, Simon Lalong, has assured that his administration was working with the federal government and security agencies to secure the release of the Miss Jennifer Samuel. Lalong gave the assurance in a statement on Thursday signed by the Commissioner for Information and Communication, Dan Manjang. 6. Gabriel Diya, a 52 year-old London-based pastor, his son Praise-Emmanuel Diya, 16, and daughter Comfort Diya, drowned in a hotel swimming pool on the Costa del Sol on Christmas Eve. Diya was minister in charge at Open Heavens in Charlton, South-east London, which is part of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG). 7. The Ogun Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) on Thursday said that the Sagamu Interchange Bridge, along the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway would be temporarily closed from today. Mr Clement Oladele, the Ogun Sector Commander of the FRSC, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the temporary closure was due to the damage caused by the two tankers that caught fire there on Christmas day. 8. Zamfara State Government has banned the sale of cows and cattle without receipts to justify that it is not stolen livestock. Addressing newsmen in Gusau, the commissioner of security and home affairs, Abubakar Daura said the rate at which stolen cows and cattle were being sold in Zamfara markets has become unbearable and worrisome. 9. The Police in Kebbi State said two people were killed when cattle rustlers from Zamfara invaded some villages in Danko Wasagu Local Government Area of the state. The Public Relations Officer of the command, DSP Nafiu Abubakar, said some bandits carrying dangerous weapons believed to be cattle rustlers invaded Shagel and Yar-Kuka villages of Danko Wasagu LGA shooting sporadically and carted away scores of livestock belonging to farmers in the area. 10. The Nigerian Army says its troops of Operation Lafiya Dole (OPLD) in Madagali Local Government Area of Adamawa State on Tuesday inflicted defeat on Book Haram insurgents in the area. The Nigerian Army Operations Media Coordinator, Col. Among Iliyasu,
said that the feat was achieved when the troops conducted clearance operations against remnants of the Boko Haram and Islamic State’s West African Province (ISWAP) terrorists from Madagali through Waga Lawan, Jaje to Fadama all in Madagali LGA of Adamawa. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.