Sports betting in Nigeria has increasingly gained attention from fans of a variety of sports. Soccer is, as you would expect, the most popular option among bettors but let us not forget that other trends are also in place. Just this month, British boxer Anthony Joshua, who has strong ties with Nigeria (both parents are Nigerians), sealed his victory over Anthony Ruiz Jr. to win back his world heavyweight title. With a brilliant display of feet movement and quick powerful jabs, Joshua reminded the fans of the legendary Muhammad Ali’s tactic “fly like a butterfly, sting like a bee”. Nigerian sports fans surely backed Joshua throughout the whole campaign of revenge on Ruiz, in part because of his charisma and ring quality but also because of his strong ties to Nigeria – of which the champion has a tattoo on his right shoulder. But how are Nigerians supposed to choose from the pool of available online mobile sportsbooks? Websites like BetMobileNigeria are the go-to resource when it comes to finding betting guides as well as a list of the best mobile betting sites. These include individual reviews about sportsbooks like Bet9ja, Naijabet, 1xBet, BetWay and many others. Beating the bookies is no easy task, but a well-informed bettor has a much better chance of doing so. Taking advantage of promotions like the Welcome Bonus available in most sportsbooks is a good way to get started. Most importantly, you also need to place quality bets on a consistent basis rather than trying to win it all on a single bet. Nevertheless, sports betting is above all else a form of entertainment. Getting started on it with goals of earning a living from it is for most people, an unrealistic expectation. It’s important to keep that in mind before you dive into the many options available for placing bets on your phone – which include smartphone apps, mobile websites (including sites with a lighter version for older phones) and even USSD messages that allow you to fund your account and try your luck without even having an internet connection on your mobile device. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.