The Enugu State Police Command has rescued a maid, Peace Goewam, captured in a viral video where she was being traumatized by her madam. In the video, which elicited angry reactions from Nigerians, the woman, Mrs. Amaka Ortolehi, from Ngor-Okpala, Imo State, was seen maltreating the maid in most heartless manner. The incident, DAILY POST gathered, led the Enugu State Police Commissioner, Ahmad Abdulrahman into launching a manhunt for her. Addressing journalists at the State Police Command, the Commissioner said “when I viewed the viral video, it was an eyesore. “I gave order to my technical officers and anti-cult team. This eventually led to her arrest, alongside her husband Nkemakolam Ortolehi. “We also arrested Mr. Jonathan Goewan, the uncle to the victim, who out of greed brought her to Enugu from Jos and probably sold her to this wicked family. “Irrationally, she held her own daughter who she had affection for but was thrusting this very girl on the ground as if she was killing a fowl.” He added that “we protected and rescued the girl and she is going be to handed over to a government agency that will take care of her till we trace her parents. “They will come down and tell us why they divorced this girl from them; as for the uncle, he has no satisfactory answer, so we are suspecting fowl play. “This is typical example of Child Abuse, child labour, torture and man’s inhumanity to man.” The Police Commissioner vowed that all those involved in one way or the other in the girl child’s ordeal would be prosecuted and appropriate punishment meted on them. Meanwhile, Mrs. Ortelehi has blamed the devil for her actions. Speaking with newsmen amidst tears, she said “I don’t know what came over me. I don’t treat her in such manner before. You can enquire from her school, you can ask our neighbours. “This is not how we have been living, I’m a lover of children, all come to my house. Anger put me into this, I love Peace, we have been living together for two years, this is just something that went out of the ordinary.” Remember the woman in this video that smashed the little girl on the ground. She has been arrested.
The arrest was made yesterday by the Nigeria Police Force, Enugu State Command. In this thread, we attached the video of her confession.pic.twitter.com/4CdtA1Mqw2 — CoalCityConnect (@Coal_City) December 25, 2019  The woman, Amaka Otolehi from Ngor-Okpala is married to Nkem Otolehi. The girl in question is Goewam Peace (from Jos) while Jonathan Goewam is her uncle that gave her to the Otolehi family. According to Amaka, she acted out of anger and have never maltreated Peace this way. pic.twitter.com/NqPguNJTdC — CoalCityConnect (@Coal_City) December 25, 2019  Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.