Both Van Dijk and Ronaldo were pipped to the Ballon d’Or by Lionel Messi, who won his sixth throughout his stunning career. He will now be hoping he can continue to let his football do the talking and guide Barcelona to their sixth Champions league title this season. Van Dijk will also be hoping for similar success as Liverpool are the defending champions in the competition and knocked Barcelona out in the semi-finals last season. However, there is little doubt that this season for Liverpool is all about winning the Premier league. This would be their first top flight title since back in 1990, despite coming agonisingly close including by just one point last season. Following their stunning start to the current campaign they are short priced favourites for the title at a general 1/4, with Leicester City their nearest challengers. Defending champions Manchester City are also still in the hunt, despite their stuttering form. Following 14 matches played, Liverpool have picked up 40 points from a possible 42, which gives an indication of just how impressive they have been so far this season. This has seen them win 13 matches and draw just once, scoring 32 goals and conceding 12. They have the third highest goal difference with 20, only being bettered by Manchester City on 23 and Leicester City on 24. This remarkable start means they already have built up an eight point gap to Leicester City. The latter are also having a stellar season, winning 10 games, drawing two and losing two. They have conceded just nine goals in 14 matches, which has been the key behind their success. Leicester have only been beaten by Liverpool and Manchester United this season and could yet pose a serious challenge to Liverpool come the end of the season. Manchester City are then sitting in third and are already 11 points behind league leaders Liverpool. They have a huge task on their hands if they are to surpass Liverpool and will need them to falter greatly if they are to do so. City have also been in stuttering form winning nine matches, drawing two and already losing three. They also lost the key away fixture against Liverpool at Anfield, with the match ending 3-1. This all sets up for a Liverpool title victory this season and it would appear it is there’s to lose and will take something remarkable to happen for them not to win it. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.