Former Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) Babachir Lawal has condemned the conduct of local government election across Adamawa State on Saturday. Babachir Lawal, a chieftain of opposition All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, said the conduct of the election was an insult on Adamawa people and that the state governor, Ahmadu Fintiri, had failed in his promise to ensure credible council poll. The election was conducted supposedly in all the 21 local government areas on Saturday by the Adamawa State Independent Electoral Commission (ADSIEC), but the former SGF said it did not take place in some LGAs, including Hong. He stated in a press release on Sunday that the election “Is such a shame! Such a crass disrespect of the people.” Babachir Lawal added that “We had expected this government to conduct a credible election because it would not have come to power if the federal government had not allowed INEC to conduct a free and fair election. “In spite of past assurances by the Adamawa state governor that there will be an open, free and fair LGA elections, there was no election in Hong LGA, even in a single polling unit. “No election materials and no election officials were sighted anywhere in the LGA up to 4pm on Saturday when I returned to Yola, the state capital. “This angered some youths who set up burn fires and barricades on the road in Hong. It took the intervention of some of us elders and the police before the youths calmed down and removed the barricades.” Results of the election were being expected by the time this story was filed Sunday afternoon, but Babachir Lawal said such results could not rightly stand. “Whoever will be a beneficiary of this criminality should note that he/she will be an illegitimate occupant of the office and has every cause to be ashamed of their role in this shameful conduct,” he said. It could not be confirmed Saturday afternoon that election did not take place in Hong, and Governor Ahmadu Fintiri’s spokesman, Solomon Kumangar, did not pick calls made to him over the allegations against the governor. Kumangar had however emphasized in a recent comment that Fintiri was committed to credible council poll and would do nothing to the contrary. He made reference to how Fintiri had left intact the board of ADSIEC which he inherited from the state government formed by the now opposition APC. “If Gov Ahmadu Fintiri wishes to interfere with the council election, he would have started from ADSIEC, but ADSIEC remains the way the previous government constituted it, including the executive chairman. No single member of ADSIEC was changed,” Kumangar had said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.