The Lagos State Environmental and Special Offences (Enforcement) Unit (Taskforce) has issued a 7-day removal order to all owners/occupants of illegal structures, shanties, kiosks and containarised shops at ‘Marwa Waterside’ area of Lekki, Lagos. In a statement released by the Head of Public Affairs Unit of the Agency, Taofiq Adebayo on Sunday, the Chairman of the Agency, CSP Olayinka Egbeyemi, stated that the ‘Removal Order’ became imperative in preparation for a road construction along the coastal road, which will serve as an alternative route for the Lekki-Epe Expressway and enhance free flow of traffic in that corridor. According to him, “Illegal business operators like Iron benders, Mechanics, food/fruits vendors and others have turned the area into an eye-sore. In addition, they have littered the entire area with indiscriminate dumping of refuse and waste materials. It is interesting to note that none of the owners, occupants and illegal business operators have any permit from the State Government”. He reiterated that immediately after the expiration of the ‘Removal Order’ on Thursday, 19th of December, 2019, the operatives of the Agency would embark on a clean-up exercise in the area as well as clampdown on all criminal elements disturbing law-abiding residents within Marwa waterside and the entire Lekki axis. The Chairman also implored all illegal occupants of any of the government lands/properties across the state to immediately vacate same as anyone caught would be seriously dealt with in accordance with the law. In a related development, operatives of the Agency have impounded 98 commercial motorcyclists found plying restricted routes at Ikorodu and Agric Bus-Stop. He said: “The Agency had issued several warning to these illegal commercial motorcyclists through their various associations to desist from plying 475 restricted routes including highways and bridges across the State.” CSP Egbeyemi confirmed that the combined efforts of the Agency with other Police formations as directed by the Lagos State Commissioner of Police CP Hakeem Odumosu would drastically reduce the menace of motorcycle operators on restricted routes across the State. He, however, warned members of the public not to patronise illegal commercial motorcyclists on illegal routes, as both the rider and passenger were liable if arrested. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.