As Nigeria continues to battle corruption issues, especially in the budget process, stakeholders have advocated for increased citizen participation. This was as they gathered in Enugu, weekend, at a forum organized by the Civil Resource Development and Documentation Centre (CIRDDOC) in partnership with WRAPA, with support from the MacArthur Foundation, bemoaning the level of corruption in the budget process. DAILY POST reports that the 2-day capacity building workshop featured information and knowledge sharing on the status of infrastructure in Health, Education, Electricity and access roads in rural communities. It was attended by by 37 CIRDDOC Transparency and Accountability Group, (CTAG) members drawn from 36 communities in 9 LGAs, persons with disability, the media, Ministry Department and Agencies (MDAs), Independent Corrupt practices and other related offences Commission (ICPC), Enugu State Universal Basic Education, (ENSUPEB), political leaders, among others. In her opening remark, the Executive Director, CIRDDOC, represented by Engr. Pascal Anozie, Project Coordinator, said the workshop was aimed at increasing citizen awareness and participation in the budget making and implementation process. He hailed the collaboration existing among the CIRDDOC, WRAPA and MacArthur Foundations, noting that it was tailored towards holding political leaders accountable to the people. In a presentation, a budget analyst, Mrs. Virginia Obianyo, urged relevant stakeholders to monitor budget, track project implementation and report findings to appropriate agencies. “CTAG in the 9 LGAs should begin to track budget and project performance in their various communities, as well rise up to their obligation as citizens. “Part of the actions to be taken will be to generate rural items for budget inclusion in 2020 state and LGA budget,” she said. On his part, the project Officer, Mazi Jerry Udochu, said in Nigeria, “the impact of corruption has stifled growth and development depriving citizens of access to basic services, declined productivity with accentuated low personal income.” Meanwhile, Mr. K.C Ugwu, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Budget and Economic Planning, Enugu State, said that budgeting had mirage of problems ranging from misappropriation, misapplication, lack of political will, lack of transparency in implementation, plan distortion through project substitution, inadequate and dearth of staff/manpower, among others. The workshop ended with the CTAG agreeing to “partner with relevant MDAs such as Ministry of Budget and Economic Planning, ICPC, ENSUPERB and National Orientation Agency, work work with relevant media organizations in Enugu State, the relevant House of Assembly committees, among others. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.