The Post Master General of the Federation and Chief Executive Officer of Nigerian Postal Service (NIPOST), Barrister Bisi Adegbuyi, Monday, said that the Federal Government has raked in over N45.8 billion from stamp duties following the reforms introduced by the present administration. Adegbuyi said there is no conflict between NIPOST and the Federal Inland Revenue Service as well as the States Board of Internal Revenue over the remittances of stamp duties. He further asserted that the position of NIPOST is that the production, printing and sales of stamp duties remain the sole responsibility of NIPOST even if it had moved from manual to electronic stamps. Addressing a Forum of Information Technology Reporters at the Headquarters of NIPOST in Abuja, Barrister Adegbuyi, who was flanked by the General Manager Counter Services, Mrs Toyin Egbesola, the General Manager ICT, Dr Thomas Ali Gaga and the Director Finance and Investment, Malam Usman Shabba said NIPOST is currently undergoing a digital transformation that would change the narratives of postal services in the country. According to him, NIPOST has deployed ICT solutions/platforms to attain about 70 percent automation of all its systems and operations across the country and by 2020 the systems would be fully automated. Barrister Adegbuyi said NIPOST as the largest government owned institution in the country with its operations dating back to 1934 is currently leveraging on digital technology to address the socio-economic problems confronting the nation. He said, “What we are doing currently is to change the narratives of postal service system in Nigeria by leveraging on technological platforms to drive financial inclusion, create jobs opportunities, promote Small and Medium Scale Businesses, create access to credit and mortgage systems and assist government to address the current security challenges. “We are currently partnering with JAMB, NIMC and other institutions and agencies of government to make our operations robust particularly in the financial services sector, e-governance, remittances, parcel and postal services . The CBN has also granted NIPOST the license for money transfer because of our large presence in all the local government councils in the country. “We are aggregating all the e-government centres, Road Safety, Immigration Service,etc. to ensure that the common man will benefit from them through the Postal Service System. You can imagine if pension are paid to our retirees in the villages through the Postal Service system, the stress associated with pension payment would be avoided and lots of lives would be saved as well from the risks associated with travelling.“ Barrister Adegbuyi said NIPOST management is currently embarking on infrastructures development, deployment of digital solutions/platforms, training and retraining of its workers among others to change the narratives of postal service in Nigeria, adding that partially commercialization would place the future NIPOST in a position to generate huge revenue for the government. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.