An aged woman, one Uzoamaka Aleke, was on Thursday sentenced to four years imprisonment with hard labour for stealing two siblings in Ebonyi State. Aleke, was arraigned before a Magistrate’s Court, sitting in Abakaliki, capital of Ebonyi state based on two count charges bothering on Child Stealing and Conspiracy. The suspect was alleged to have stolen the two children, namely, Thadius Nwonu, ‘m’, 4-year-old, and Chinaza Nwonu, ‘f’, 5-year-old. The victims were said to be siblings, and were stolen by the suspect, at Iga-Ishieke community, in the Ebonyi Local Government Area of the state, on April 7, 2019. She was arrested and dragged to court by Ebonyi state police command. The Police Prosecutor, Eze Mathias, told the court that the offences were punishable under section 516A(a) of the Criminal Code Cap. 33, Vol. 1, Laws of Ebonyi State of Nigeria, 2009 and sections 33(1) 3 of Ebonyi State Child Right and Related Matters Law, 2010. The charge reads: “That you Uzoamaka Aleke ‘f’ and others now at large on the 7th day of April, 2019, at Iga Ishieke, Ebonyi Local Government Area of the state, within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court did conspire among yourselves to commit felony to wit, Child Stealing and thereby committed an offence punishable under section 516A(a) of the Criminal Code Cap. 33, Vol. 1, Laws of Ebonyi State of Nigeria, 2009. “That you Uzoamaka Aleke ‘f’and others now at large on the same date, time and place in the aforesaid Magisterial District did unlawfully steal one Thadius Nwonu ‘m’, aged 4yrs and Chinaza Nwonu ‘f’, aged 5yrs, without the consent of their parents and thereby committed an offence punishable under section 33(1) contrary to section (3) of Ebonyi State Child Right and Related Matters Law, 2010.” However, the accused pleaded guilty to both the first and second counts charges and prayed the court to pardon and grant her mercy. Investigation revealed that the suspects were yet to provide the two kids, as of the time of filling this report and her accomplice, one Mrs Mgbada, had also been on the run. In her ruling, the presiding Chief Magistrate, Nnenna Onuoha, said the suspect committed grievous offence against humanity and sentenced her to four years imprisonment, with hard labour, without an option of fine. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.