A cross section of Nigerians have reacted to the court ruling dismissing order compelling the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to investigate Governor Abdullahii Umar Ganduje for allegedly receiving bribes from a contractor. DAILY POST reports that a Federal High Court sitting in Kano on Monday dismissed the case for lack of evidence on the grounds that the evidence before the court has not shown that the EFCC has the record of the forensic analysis of the bribery video allegations, Justice Egwuatu added that the evidence must be cogent and verifiable. The court ruling has stirred diverse reactions from Nigerians on social media. Some Nigerians queried the dismissal of Ganduje’s alleged bribery case, adding that the bribery case against the Kano Governor was set aside based on his allegiance to President Muahhamdu Buhari and APC. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter; @Uncle_Ajala “We saw first video of Ganduje collecting bribe, we saw 2nd video of Ganduje collecting bribe. But since Buhari and EFCC don’t know the technology they used in making those bribery videos, court dismisses bribery case against Ganduje.Audio and eye service corruption fight continues.” @Dolusegun “See how supposed intelligent people are going off about how Ganduje was found not guilty. You want a judge to revoke his immunity clause and make EFCC prosecute him while he’s still gov? That’s going to mean all governors, Deputy governor, the president and his vice lose theirs.” @Mss_Xangina “Everyone knew this case would be dismissed. So we leave Ganduje in the hands of our Lord. HE will deal with him appropriately.” @Capt_Vincent “Thank you judiciary for affirming that Ganduje is a man of integrity and he would never be involved in corrupt practices. You can’t be in the APC and be corrupt. @Uche_Ezeonye “This Ganduje case should be left alone until after this regime before its pushed up to Supreme Court and he secures the kind of Judgement Peter Odili has.Ganduje Dollar is a friend of Buhari we are not surprised.” @Senatorrasheed “Rise above ethnic sentiment. Ganduje is a Governor and the constitution says you cannot prosecute a governor on seat. To sum everything up, Nigerian legal system is a mess. As I write this, Otedola and Lawan’s case is still in court.” @Ayemojubar “Dear Ganduje, Your day of conviction has been shifted to the future. Enjoy it while it last.1 gandollar (=G=) = 4,000 bitcoin (=B=).” @Jidetower “Despite all the evidence we saw from the video court still dismissed Ganduje case.These indicate there’s no transparency in our Judiciary.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.