The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) has described the action of personnel of the Department of State Service, DSS, against the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore, as a jungle behaviour, which should be condemned. NUJ in a statement expressed dissatisfaction with what it described as unnecessary violation of the sanctity of the court. It said those behind the ugly development must be sanctioned. The union in a statement signed by its National Secretary, Shuaibu Usman Leman, demanded an apology from the Federal Government for the dastardly conduct of the DSS. “The National Secretariat of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) views the absurdities of the ongoing drama by Agents of the Department of Security Service with dissatisfaction and disenchantment, especially the unnecessary violation of the sanctity of the court and rearrest of Omoleye Sowore. “The NUJ had on several occasions initiated moves towards fostering safety of journalists and building synergy with agents of the state but unfortunately, brutalization and impunity by security agents still pervade. “There is indeed an overriding need and urgency to promote the safety of journalists and fight impunity against them, in order to create the enabling environment they require to optimally perform their fundamental functions in a democracy. “We condemn in its totality the conduct of the DSS and call for disciplinary measures against whosoever authorized that jungle behaviour of the DSS Operatives. “And demand for an unqualified apology from the Federal Government for the dastardly conduct of the DSS and an assurance that such an unwholesome conduct will not repeat itself again. “We are afraid that such brazen acts only remind us of totalitarian regimes and not genuine democracies of which the Buhari Administration prides itself of. “We equally note with alarm that such lack of respect for the law is gradually pushing the country into implosion. It is however not too late to make amends,” NUJ concluded. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.