Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Federal Government, on Tuesday, released the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore, and an ex-National Security Adviser, Col. Sambo Dasuki (retd.) after being held in DSS custody for several months and years respectively. Both men had been granted bail by different courts but were denied. Both detainees were released in the evening of Tuesday after a statement by the Attorney General of the Federal, Abubakar Malami confirmed same. 2. Activist, Deji Adeyanju is now in a critical health condition after he was brutally attacked by thugs on Tuesday. The activist and others were physically brutalised by dozens of thugs allegedly hired in Abuja during a protest tagged #FreedomRally in front of the office of the National Human Rights Commission. He has been reportedly flown overseas for medical treatment. Adeyanju was flown to Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, where he would be receiving comprehensive medical treatment. 3. The Presidency has condemned some international news outlets ascribing the detention and release of the Convener of RevolutionNow movement, Omoyele Sowore to journalism. Malam Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, said Sowore was detained and later released by the Department of State Service (DSS) not due to his work as a journalist but because he called for a revolution to overthrow the democratically elected government of Nigeria. The presidential aide, therefore, frowned at those ascribing his detention and release to his job as a journalist. 4. Some unidentified gunmen on Tuesday morning attacked the country home of former President, Dr. Goodluck Jonathan, in Otuoke community of Ogbia Local Government Area of Bayelsa State. The attack was said to have occurred around 2 am, few hours after Jonathan decided to move to his Yenagoa home at about 12 am. The gunmen numbering about twenty were repelled by the military men stationed behind the house. A soldier was killed in the attack, while no fewer than three of the attackers were brought down by the military. 5. United States Ambassador to Nigeria, Ms Mary Leonard said on Tuesday that her country placed Nigeria on its watch list due to the country’s humanitarian situation. She stated that the action was taken as part of an effort to deepen conversation on the issue. Leonard spoke in Abuja when she visited the Presidential Villa to present her letter of credence to President Muhammadu Buhari (retd.) 6. Mike Ozekhome, a human rights lawyer, has said that the order to release Omoyele Sowore, convener of RevolutionNow Movement, and Sambo Dasuki, former National Security Adviser (NSA), shows the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government has realised its mistake. Ozekhome in a statement applauded the federal government for its decision, adding that they were beginning to recognize the importance of rule of law other than ‘rule of thumb’. 7. Unknown gunmen Tuesday abducted the wife of a traditional ruler in Ondo State, Oba Rufus Akinrimade, the Orunja of Odigbo. The Queen (Olori Akinrimade) was kidnapped with the monarch’s driver and two of their children along Owo-Oba-Ikare Akoko road at the weekend. The kidnappers have since contacted the traditional ruler to demand a ransom of N60million. The monarch’s wife was heading to Akoko from Odigbo to visit another child who is an undergraduate at Adekunle Ajasin University Akungba Akoko, AAUA)l, when the gunmen seized them. 8. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has described as ridiculous, the allegation that it sponsored thugs against protesters at the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) head office in Abuja on Monday. The ruling party said while it recognises the inalienable rights of people, groups, including political parties to gather or carry out protest by themselves, a chaotic situation where different protesting groups turn on one another was condemnable. APC spokesman, Lanre Issa-Onilu, said this in a statement on Tuesday. 9. Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike has rejected the offer by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) leadership to intervene in the conflict with outgoing Bayelsa State Governor, Seriake Dickson over the Soku Oil Wells/fields returned to Rivers State by the Federal High Court. Governor Wike, in a statement by his Special Assistant on Electronic Media, Simeon Nwakaudu, said that there was no premise for the intervention by the PDP leadership, since the Federal High Court had already determined the issue in question. 10. The Inspector-General of Police (IGP) Mr Mohammed Adamu has approved the deployment of two Assistant Inspector Generals of Police (AIG) and seven Commissioners of Police (CPs). The Force Public Relations Officer, DCP Frank Mba disclosed this in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja. The deployed AIGs were Sanusi Lemu, Zone 12, Bauchi, covering Bauchi, Borno and Yobe states and Gwandu Abubakar, to Zone 3, Yola covering Adamawa, Gombe and Taraba states. The CPs were Hafiz Inuwa, Delta, Muri Musa Kaduna State, Mobolaji Fafowora, Imo, Agunbiade Lasore, Kebbi, Johnson Kokumo, Osun, Ahmed Azare, Taraba and Ede Ekpeji Kogi. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.