Good morning! Compliments of the season. Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Christians in Nigeria, on Wednesday, joined the rest of the world to mark this year’s Christmas. Christmas, which is the commemoration of the birth of Jesus Christ, was celebrated without any major disaster across the country. 2. Boko Haram fighters have attacked Kwaranglum village in Borno State, killed six people and reportedly abducted two women. The State Commissioner for Poverty Alleviation, Mr. Nuhu Clark, an indigene of the area, told newsmen that the Boko Haram insurgents invaded the village at sunset prayer time (around 6pm), and started shooting sporadically. 3. Former Jigawa State Governor, Sule Lamido, has criticised the Buhari government for the release of ex-National Security Adviser, Sambo Dauki on bail, saying the action should not be a call for celebration but that of reflection and circumspection. He said Buhari detained Dasuki for four years but retained CBN Governor, Godwin Emefiele, who released money. 4. Dr Nnaemeka Ewelukwa has assumed office as the acting Managing Director/CEO of the Nigerian Bulk Electricity Trading Plc (NBET) following the step down of Dr Marilyn Amobi. Ms. Aisha Waziri of the Corporate Services Department of NBET in a statement, said that Ewelukwa, a General Manager and the pioneer General Counsel and Company Secretary at NBET, has taken charge of the agency’s operations. 5. The General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracle Ministry, MFM, Dr Daniel Olukoya, has described Christmas celebration as idolatry. Olukoya said the church does not celebrate Christmas because it is unbiblical, saying his members should desist from joining others to celebrate the occasion. 6. Founder of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Oke-Afa, Ejigbo Lagos, Primate Babatunde Elijah Ayodele, has released prophecies for year 2020. Ayodele, who made the revelations public during Christmas at his annual fest gathering, said Nigeria might breakup and the presidency would fight Vice President Yemi Osinbajo and national leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, government agencies, the international community, among others. 7. The Spiritual Leader of the Brotherhood of the Cross and Star (BCS), Leader Olumba Olumba Obu, has cautioned against the eating of meat and drinking of drinks in this yuletide period and thereafter. Speaking with Journalists in Calabar, Cross River State capital to present the Everlasting Gospel of Leader Olumba Olumba Obu, the BCS Spokesman Christ Shepherd Edet Archibong, condemned the attitude of Nigerians who continue eating and drinking during the festive period and thereafter. 8. The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) in Gombe State on Wednesday sealed six filling stations for diversion of over 800,000 litres of petroleum product and operating with an expired license. Alhaji Abdullahi Abawa, DPR Head of Operation, disclosed this shortly after an inspection visit to some filling stations in Gombe, said the stations were sealed for sharp practices. 9. Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, the National Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC) and former Governor of Edo State, has rejected Christmas gifts from Edo State Government. Mr Crusoe Osage, the Special Adviser to Edo State Governor on Media and Communications, said the conventional Christmas presents reserved for former governors of the state that were sent to Oshiomhole were turned back. 10. Ex-Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemate, Gedoni Ekpata, has officially engaged his lover, Khafi. Gedoni popped the question on Christmas Day while the lovebirds were on a vacation in Cape Verde and she said yes. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.