Olubunmi, wife of Gabriel Diya, a London-based pastor of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), who drowned along with their two children, says she believes “something was wrong with the pool.” Gabriel, 52, his son Praise-Emmanuel Diya, 16, and daughter Comfort Diya, drowned in a hotel swimming pool on the Costa del Sol on Christmas Eve.  They died at the Club La Costa World resort on the Spanish coast, about two miles to the south of Fuengirola and about 20 miles from Málaga. According to Spanish police, Comfort got into difficulty while playing in one of the 21 swimming pools at the resort. Her father and older brother jumped in to try to save her but also struggled in the water. Despite poolside attempts to resuscitate them, all three died at the scene. On Friday, Mrs Diya said in a statement released to Sky News: “I believe something was wrong with the pool that must have made swimming difficult for them at that point in time. “Our family are utterly heartbroken by the events last Tuesday, but we are comforted and strengthened by our strong faith in our Lord Jesus Christ. We are deeply shocked, saddened and struggling to come to terms with their passing. “They all brought joy and love to the world and to everyone that crossed their path. We love them all dearly, will always remember them in our hearts and miss them greatly.” Mrs Diya, in reaction to “inaccurate information” being made public, stated that the three who died knew how to swim. “The whole family, all five of us went to the pool together and were all present when the incident occurred. The children were not left unattended. We followed the instructions displayed by the poolside at all times. “The children went into the pool using the steps but found themselves dragged into the middle, which was deeper and called for help when they could not get out. My daughter did not fall into the water. “My husband went in via the steps trying to help the two struggling while I ran to the nearby apartments shouting for help to assist my husband. By the time assistance came, the three of them were under the water.” A UK Foreign Office spokesman said: “We are providing support to Mrs Olubunmi Diya following the tragic incident in Spain.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.