Arising from the impeachment of President Donald Trump of the United States of America by the House of Representatives, a former lawmaker in the Nigeria lower chamber, Hon Danlami Muhammed Kurfi has profusely condemned the action of the parliament. It would be recalled that the House of Representatives on Wednesday impeached President Trump for abuse of power and obstruction of Congress, making him the third president in history to be charged with committing high crimes and misdemeanours who will now face fresh hurdle early 2020 in the Senate, a situation which may subsequently lead to his removal from office. Addressing newsmen on Friday in Abuja, the astute politician who represented Dutsinma and Kurfi Federal Constituency in Katsina State during the 8th Assembly said:
“What happened in the United States on Wednesday was a historic rebuke, to say the least. The impeachment of President Trump on charges that he abused the power of his office for domestic political advantage and subsequently obstructed Congress’ abilities to hold him accountable was not just laughable but a show of overzealousness by the Democrats controlled parliament.” Kurfi stated. Reacting further, the Katsina born politician stated, “It is a huge surprise for many of us here in Africa to have seen voting being flagrantly conducted along party lines by a country that serves as a symbol of constitutional democracy. The approval of such two articles of impeachment against President Trump making him the third President in history to face removal is utterly in bad taste, those responsible for this have set a dangerous precedent for that country and posterity may not be kind with them. Although, I have no doubt that the Senate that has been consistently known for standing for the truth and upholding justice and fairness above partisan and pecuniary interests will upturn the decision of the House,” the former lawmaker stressed. He also commended Trump that despite the raging storm around the septuagenarian President, he still stood firm, well calculated and calm in his campaigns, affirming that he is a great and fearless leader who cannot be distracted by the shenanigans of some misguided politicians. “In the eye of the storm, President Trump is still coming out strong and not perturbed by the shenanigans of some misguided politicians who don’t seem to like him. Seeing Trump in this posture simply show he will clinch the Presidential seat for another term in office and I use this medium to implore the American Senate to the trash in the bin any obnoxious article which may be brought to them to suggest an impeachment plan against the sitting President who puts America first in all his dealings. ” The Senate should not condone polarization nor allow it to grip American politics in the Trump era. Trump must, however, enjoy a vote of confidence and not impeachment in the interest of all Americans and for global peace,” Kurfi disclosed. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.