The All Progressives Congress, APC, has spoken on being dragged to court over non-payment of office rent in Udi Local Government Area of Enugu State. This was contained in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday by Hon. Osita Igwe, Chairman Udi LGA, APC. There was report that a landlord, Mr. Victor Kanaychukwu Ani, dragged the party to court over two years rent arrears. The Plaintiff, who filed the case with suit No. MUD\85\2019 at the Magistrate court (2) Udi, presided over by Ngozi Orurua yesterday, via his lawyer, Barrister Emeka Okologbu-Njoku, claimed that the party was owing him two years arrears of rent “from December 2018 to August 2019.” But the party, led by Igwe, has come out to say that it was not owing any landlord. His statement read: “We wish to categorically notify the general public that the case in question has nothing to do with the authentic leadership of the party ably represented by Hon. Osita Igwe. “The office under interrogation belongs to some persons, who claim leadership of the party despite their inability to partake in the authentic congress conducted on 19th March 2019 as approved by the national executive council of our great party. “Their inability to settle a paltry contractual agreement with an innocent landlord is a big blow to the bigmen in their camp. “It sounds so ridiculous that a group lead by the immediate past governor of the state, the National Vice Chairman (Southeast) of APC et’al, have decided to embarrass the local government that gave Mr President a chunk of vote during the presidential election. “We, therefore, urge the concerned persons to avoid dragging our authentic leaders in the like of the Hon. Minister foreign affairs, DG VON, Hon. Ejike Njeze et’al in their family affairs. “The nemesis of their kangaroo Congress is still in action. Whoever eats the testicle of a ram will invariably suffer from scrotal hernia.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.