A leading pressure group in Imo State, the Association of Imo Patriots has asked the Governor of Imo State, Hon. Emeka Ihedioha to apologize to the people of the State and the immediate past Governor, Owelle Rochas Okorocha for neglecting governance and pursuing shadows. The group said its stand was based on the recently received Corruption Survey in Nigeria which ranked Imo as the least corrupt state in the country. In a statement issued on Monday by its spokesman, Hon. Emma Ezekwe, he said it was now evident that Ihedioha had all along been on a wild goose chase. The statement read: “We have received with delight the recently released “2nd Corruption Survey in Nigeria” by the National Bureau of Statistics, which ranked Imo as the least corrupt of the 36 States and the Nigerian Federal Capital Territory. “This report is especially timely, considering the enormous resources being wasted by the current governor of Imo State, Chief Emeka Ihedioha in his bid to malign his predecessor. “Over the last seven months, the Imo State Government under Chief Ihedioha has set up more than 20 probe committees and sponsored over ten protests, aimed at portraying Owelle Rochas Okorocha as corrupt in the eyes of the people. Fortunately, these probe committees have mostly returned empty files and in some cases, made sweeping statements without facts to buttress allegations of corruption by Peoples Democratic Party administration in the State. “While majority of Imolites of good conscience are not surprised about this rating by the National Bureau of Statistics, which confirms Owelle Rochas Okorocha’s prudence and transparency in the management of Imo’s resources within the eight years he held sway as governor, it is unfortunate that Ihedioha is reluctant to accept this very credible review of the Okorocha administration by an independent agency of the Federal Government, with support from the United Nations. Chief Ihedioha has unfortunately continued on his agenda to discredit the Igbo nation, in the guise of maligning Okorocha.” He added that “as non-partisan Patriots from Imo State, we demand an immediate apology from Chief Ihedioha’s administration over their several lies against the Okorocha administration. This apology should be personally addressed to Owelle Rochas Okorocha and another addressed to Imo people, whom the Ihedioha administration has insulted severally through his malicious campaign of lies.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.