Zonal Technical Officer with the National Primary Healthcare Development Agency, Mohammed Hamisu Abdullahi has noted that the EU – UNICEF intervention in Bauchi healthcare services is very helpful in the reduction of maternal and child health issues in the state. He explained that the EU and UNICEF interventions supported selected health facilities with tools to improve healthcare services to the respective communities. The Zonal Technical Officer, who was speaking to journalists at the Madara Primary Healthcare Centre in Katagum LGA of the state yesterday, said the benefitted on many sides, especially in the care of pregnant mothers “There is a lot of improvement in the services being rendered in terms of antenatal care delivery and PNC, unlike before the intervention when there were so many gaps, especially in the provision of drugs and consumables that needed by pregnant mothers and under 5-year children”, he stated. Abdullahi said, “I personally visited more than five facilities where I witnessed important instruments that the EU – UNICEF provided or supplied to the facilities under the One-PHC per ward project, and the equipment are very good, standard, and service providers are properly utilizing the equipment while beneficiaries of the intervention, meaning the community people are very appreciative with the support”. According to him, the EU – UNICEF health intervention project has relieved communities patronizing those facilities, saying “Before the intervention, people from neighbouring villages in Gamawa, Zaki, Itas/Gadau and other LGAs use to travel to Azare FMC to acquire some services that need equipment, but now with such equipment at Madara PHC, there is relief’’ He added, “The EU–UNICEF intervention, covers our 323 wards, that is One- PHC per ward, so this intervention actually solves more than 50 – 60% of the issues that we have in maternal and child health, and we are praying for the sustainability of such intervention.” Technical Officer Abdullahi said it was a very welcome EU – UNICEF intervention because, as he puts it, “The lives or health status of the communities have changed. Bauchi before the intervention is a state with highly malnourished kids, I mean their nutritional status’’. Abdullahi further stated that EU – UNICEF intervention has provided peanuts to all the CMAM LGAs and Centres that are having the intervention which helps a lot in reducing drastically the number of malnourished children. “In the case of maternal and child mortality and morbidity, the figure has reduced drastically compared to the last four – five years, say to 20 – 30 of what we have before. The intervention actually imparted positively to the health-being of our communities in the state”. He said, however, that what needs to be done is to sensitize communities on the importance of skilled delivery as, according to him, many women in the villages can do the ANC, PNC, but when it comes to delivery, they deliver at homes due to the cultural belief that “Only lazy woman can deliver in the hospital”. “So we have to create awareness, we have to sensitize and mobilize them to wipe out that mentality, that thinking to induce them to know the importance of skilled delivery, because when you are to deliver in the hospital, your delivery may come with complications that only trained medical personnel can manage. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.