There is disquiet in Nsukka Local Government of Enugu State following the demand for the council’s financial details in the last two years. The development, DAILY POST leant, is causing ripples among the power brokers in the council. It was gathered that the council received no less than N4b within the time in question, and a leading chairmanship aspirant in the forthcoming local government election, Hon. Chineme Onyeke is now demanding a proper account of how the fund was utilized. A document obtained by this medium revealed that Onyeke, coming under the Freedom of Information Act, has given the Head of Personnel Management in the Council, 7 days to respond to his request. He wrote through his lawyer, H.O. Abonyi, declaring that he was worried over the absence of infrastructural development in Nsukka Council Area and the slow economic progress of the people since the inception of the last administration in the council. DAILY POST reports that Hon. Patrick Omeje, the immediate past chairman of the council, is seeking re-election come February polls. But Onyeke has now showed interest in appraising and balancing “the progress of the Council Area with the income accruing to the Council from the Federation Account.” He, among other things, requested that he be furnished with “income/allocation from the Federation Account accruing to Nsukka Local Government from November 1st, 2017 to December 1st, 2019. “Breakdown of monthly disbursement/expenditure of the income/allocation from the Federation Account accruing to Nsukka Local Government starting from November 1st, 2017 to December 1st, 2019.” He reminded the HPM that “it is your duty/obligation under the relevant law to furnish our client with the above information he has now requested for and the consequences of failure to so provide. “We expect you to comply with this request within 7 days from the date of reception of this letter as provided under the relevant law to process and furnish our client with the requested information through the address of our office. “Take notice that part of our brief is to employ all necessary legal measures to compel you to act on this request should you fail and or neglect to so act.” Meanwhile, a source disclosed that there had been pressures on Onyeke to back-down on his demand, but he has remained adamant. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.