Manchester United star, Jesse Lingard, has revealed those responsible for the club’s woes. The England international admitted that he and his teammates are guilty of lacking the correct focus heading into matches. Manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s side returned to losing ways after their back-to-back victories against Tottenham and Manchester City which seemed to have built their momentum. They were held at home by Everton fortnight ago, before losing 2-0 to Watford last Sunday. And Lingard fears United are only capable of raising themselves for the glamour fixtures. Speaking with the Daily Mail, Lingard said, “It’s strange. Maybe it’s a mindset thing. Maybe it’s our mentality going into the match thinking we’ve already won the game. “If we keep the consistency and mentality we had against City and Tottenham, I don’t see why we can’t win every game. It seems like our mentality changes. “To keep that consistency throughout the rest of the season when we come against the mid-table teams, we need to have the same mentality that we did going into the City and Tottenham game. ‘When we start with energy and on the front foot, we’ll cause team problems all day long.” He added, “I feel I’ve got my form back now and I’m back to my old self. Obviously form is going to be up and down. “When you’re in a bad patch you’ve just got to fight through it, listen to the manager and the coaches, work hard on the training pitch and give 110 per cent. I’ve done that and I feel really sharp. “I always like to make an impact – goal and assists or work-rate and helping the team. I thoroughly enjoy doing that. “Since I was young I’ve always been fit and like to stay sharp and be a box-to-box player. For me to play in that No 10 role you have to run, attack and defend. “If you constantly do that for 90 minutes, of course you’re going to get tired, but if you can do it consistently it helps the team.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.