Less than two weeks after the embattled chairman of the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Plateau State threw in the towel, the State Executive Committee (SEC) members of the party in the state, have removed the Acting Chairman of the party, Hon. Amos Gombi and endorsed Hon. Chris Hassan as his replacement. The SEC members said the decision was base on Section 47 (6) of the PDP constitution, which stipulates that Plateau North was expected to fill in a candidate for the Chairmanship position. DAILY POST recalls that on December 5, 2019, after about eight months of wrangling within the PDP in state, the then embattled chairman of the party and former Minister of Sports, Hon. Damishi Sango, threw-in the towel, by resigning from his position as chairman. He said his action was done in the interest of peace within the party in the state and handed over to his Deputy, Hon. Amos Gombi, who hailed from Plateau Central. Addressing journalists on Monday in Jos, the state capital, Senator representing Plateau North in the National Assembly, Sen. Istifanus Gyang, said the removal of Hon. Amos Gombi as acting Chairman of the PDP was in line with the constitution of the party. Gyang said, “The position of the state chairman of the party was zoned to Plateau North Senatorial District and since the former Chairman, Damishi Sango resigned; Section 47 (6) of the PDP constitution stipulates that Plateau North was expected to fill in a candidate for the Chairmanship position and not Plateau Central where Amos Gombi come from.” He said, Hassan was the PDP zonal Chairman for Plateau North and election was conducted at the zonal level, which he won overwhelmingly and his name was forwarded to the state Secretariat which SEC members ratified him as Chairman of the party in replacement of the former Chairman who resigned. Former Governor of the State and Member PDP Board of Trustees, Sen. Jonah Jang said the action was based on the constitution of the PDP. “As you are aware, we have been having some little family problems in the PDP that led to the resignation of the state chairman, and when a chairman resigns, the Deputy Chairman automatically becomes the Acting Chairman. “But the constitution of our party says any member who resigned, the area that brought him will nominate someone to replace him, whatever is his position. We started this process last week by the Northern Zone where the former Chairman comes from and there was a nomination for the replacement. “A letter was written by the Executive Council of the Northern Zone to the State Executive Council (SEC) to inform them that someone has been nominated as replacement of the former Chairman, who resigned and the SEC members met today and ratified the nomination of Chris Hassan as chairman of the party.” Jang said he was only informed being one of the founding fathers of the party in the country; and that the State Executive Council has gone to the National Secretariat Abuja to submit the name of Chris Hassan as the state Chairman of the party. The new Chairman of the party, Hon. Chris Hassan, said he will complete the tenure of the Northern Zone and ensure that there is unity of purpose in the party ahead of the State Congress where new officials will emerge. Reacting to the development, the embattled Acting chairman, Hon. Amos Gombi, described the action as a coup that will not hold. Gombi said, “You can’t put something on nothing, I received a letter of my appointment as acting Chairman last Friday from the National Secretariat, and if there is anything replacement, they should have allowed me to convene a meeting first and then table it. “The letter is clear that I will be there to conduct Congresses and then go. They have forgotten that this was an agreement before Sango resigned, it will not hold, I learned that they have gone to Abuja”, he stated. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.