A 15-year-old girl has been raped by three men in the Adamawa State capital, Yola. Daily Post gathered Friday that the incident occurred Thursday evening when the three men who were moving around town in a car, allegedly seized the girl from along the street, took her somewhere, raped her, and then dropped her back on the street. A human rights activist, Hajia Hauwa Garba, who is following the case, told our correspondent Friday evening that the teenager in question is a maternal cousin of a five-year-old girl who was defiled earlier in the year and who is still in hospital. “I’m just coming from the Federal Medical Centre (Yola) where the girl has been admitted,” Hauwa said on the phone, adding that the teenager is now on admission at the same hospital, FMC Yola, where her younger cousin has been for months now. The minor in question was defiled in the Jambutu area of Jimeta in August this year. The injury that her assailant, Adamu Abdullahi, inflicted on her was so much that the minor has had to be operated on four times, and she has spent every day since the late August incident in hospital bed. The Public Relations Officer of the FMC Yola, Adamu Dodo, who attested to the latest rape incident, said in a blog post Friday evening that the 15-year-old girl was found bleeding and unconscious, “abandoned by the roadside leading to Jimeta Central Eid Mosque, Yola North Local Government Area of Adamawa State on Thursday evening.” He said the Jimeta Police Division, situated not far from where the teenager was found, took her to the Sexual Assault Centre at the Adamawa Specialist Hospital, from where she was referred to the FMC. “The survivor was taken to the health facility unconscious. She was also bleeding,” Dodo said, adding that she was said to have been brought out of a vehicle which drove off. He said the 15-year old survivor has regained consciousness, having been stabilised by doctors, and has disclosed that while she was going back home, following through the shortcut road she was used to, between Central Primary School and the former Nitel (some metres from where they later returned her unconscious), three thugs in a vehicle suddenly stopped close to her, asking her to join them, insisting that they would take her home. “I declined their offer. I told them that I would not be helped by strange people. They told me that they knew my uncle as well as our home and that I should not be afraid. When I refused, they forced me into their vehicle and covered my nose and mouth with a handkerchief on which they probably applied something,” she said. She added that the next thing was finding herself “on this hospital bed with pains below my abdomen.” Calls put to the Adamawa State Police Public Relations Officer, Sulaiman Nguroje, were unanswered, but an unofficial source said the three rape suspects were at large and were being sought for by the police. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.