Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, has accused the Nigeria police of aiding thugs to cause chaos in the state, saying, he was ashamed of what happened between Thursday and Friday preparatory to a rally in the state. He accused the Edo State Government of sponsoring thugs to cause trouble by blocking major roads and burning tyres, adding that the plan was to apportion the blame on him should any casualty occur. 2. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Akwa Ibom State chapter, on Friday, mocked Sen. Godswill Akpabio over his withdrawal from Essien Udim Local Government Senatorial rerun election, saying that he took such decision out of fear of possible defeat. Akpabio on Wednesday wrote to the National Chairman of his party, the All Progressives Congress, Adams Oshiomhole, expressing his resolve to withdraw from the rerun election. But PDP in a media briefing by its Publicity Secretary in the State, Barr. Ini Ememobong, described it as a clear face-saving attempt. The PDP questioned why Akpabio should seek a replacement in the rerun elections, stressing that it’s either he faces the election or concedes defeat. 3. Human rights lawyer, Mr. Femi Falana (SAN), on Friday, asked the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Mr. Abubakar Malami (SAN), to withdraw pending criminal charges against his clients, Omoyele Sowore and Olawale Bakare. Falana said in a statement that there was no evidence to get the accused convicted. 4. The Attorney-General of the Federation, AGF, and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, has directed the Department of State Service, DSS, to hands-off the prosecution of Omoyele Sowore, convener of RevolutionNow Movement. Malami’s directive was contained in a statement by his Media Aide, Umar Gwandu, on Friday. The AGF ordered the DSS to forward the case file in respect of the charge pending against Sowore before the Federal High Court in Abuja, to his office. He ordered the Federal Ministry of Justice to immediately take over the prosecution of all charges against Sowore. 5. About 400 leaders and stakeholders of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in Isiala Ngwa South Local Government Area of Abia State, on Friday, decamped to the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The APGA defectors were led into the governing PDP in the state by Prince Monday Kingsley and were received by the Abia central zonal Vice-chairman of the PDP, High Chief Obinna Nwachukwu, and others. 6. Operatives of the Inspector-General of Police Intelligence Response Team have arrested a native doctor, Segun Olaniyi, for allegedly killing his former girlfriend, Abosede Iyanda, and selling the body parts to his customers for N90,000. Twelve other accomplices were also arrested with Olaniyi 7. The United Nations Humanitarian Coordinator in Nigeria, Mr Edward Kallon, has condemned the execution of four aid workers by Boko Haram in Nigeria’s northeastern Borno. The four men were amongst the six aid workers who were abducted on 26 July when their convoy came under attack near Damasak, in the Mobbar LGA. 8. Nigeria women’s team has dropped three places in the latest FIFA Women’s ranking released on Friday. Ghana also slipped 10 places down. This was mainly because both West African powerhouses failed to go past the third round of the 2020 CAF Olympic Games qualifiers. The Super Falcons and Black Queens now occupy the 39th and 60th positions respectively. Cameroon also surprisingly dropped three spots to 49th position, despite beating Cote d’Ivoire 2-1, to reach the final qualifying stage for the Olympic Games. 9. Former President of the Christian Association of Nigeria, Cardinal Anthony Olubunmi-Okogie, has chided the Federal government for gradually returning to the era of military dictatorship where there is disobedience to the rule of law. The former Catholic Archbishop of Lagos lamented the continuous disobedience to court orders by the Buhari government. 10. A mini-bus fondly called ‘Akoto’ Friday killed three pupils in Ado Ekiti, the Ekiti State capital . The incident occurred on the day primary and secondary school students vacated for Christmas and new year’s festivities across the state. The incident happened at about 2.30 pm at Ilokun, a farmstead along Ado -Iworoko road. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.