The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has congratulated President Muhammadu Buhari on the occasion of his 77th birthday, praising him for exceptionally working very hard in defence of the rights and welfare of Nigerian workers. A statement on Thursday by Comrade Ayuba Wabba, NLC president, on behalf Nigerian workers, commended President Buhari for approving a new national minimum wage of N30,000 for workers in the Federal public service, settlement of backlog of pension and gratuity arrears of the former staff of the defunct Nigerian Airways, and payment of retired Biafra policemen pension claims. ”It is remarkable that at an advanced age of seventy-seven years, President Muhammadu Buhari has continued to work very hard for a better Nigeria. ”Nigerian workers are pleased that President Muhammadu Buhari has particularly and exceptionally worked very hard in defence of the rights and welfare of Nigerian workers,” the NLC President said. The labour leader recalled that in 2015, President Buhari was confronted by a pile of salary, pension and gratuity liabilities. ”Demonstrating his fatherly concern, he asked state governors in the famous quote: ‘how do you manage to sleep at night when the salaries of workers are not paid? ‘ ”President Buhari did not stop at asking questions. He swung into action and made arrangements for budget support funds to enable state governors clear the humongous arrears of unpaid salaries,” Ayuba said. The NLC president also extolled the Nigerian leader for his human development appeal which has touched many retirees and pensioners in the country. He recounted how the President ordered the release of some N40 billion to offset the pension and gratuity arrears of the former staff of the defunct Nigerian Airways and military pensioners. ”The creamer is the new national minimum wage of N30,000 signed into law by Mr President on April 18, 2019 and the consequential salary adjustment for workers in the Federal public service. ”It is also refreshing that Mr President has directed that the new minimum wage and the consequential salary increment must be paid before the end of the year. ”Nigerian workers wish Mr President a most pleasant 77th birthday anniversary with many happy returns. May the good Lord bless Mr President with long life and good health,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.