Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has said that he can only support the person who has the capacity to govern the State in the 2023 general elections. The governor made the declaration during a reception held in his honour by the leadership of Ogbako r-Ikwerre which is the apex socio-cultural group in Ikwerreland. Wike said the governor of the state can come from any ethnic nationality, stressing that Rivers state is one. He said no ethnic nationality in the state has the power to produce the governor on its own without the support of other ethnic nationalities. “I accepted this honour because when I look back from where we are coming from, I am a proud Ikwerre man. I am a Rivers man, but I’m from the Ikwerre Ethnic Nationality. “We will continue the legacy of Odili. Anyone with the interest of Rivers State will be supported. Wherever you are from, you must show that you are a Rivers man. “We must work with all Ethnic Nationalities to move Rivers State forward. “Rivers State is one. Nobody can divide Rivers State. No outsider can be Governor of Rivers State. Let us not allow anyone to divide us. “If you must be a Governor of Rivers State, you must carry Everyone along. No Ethnic Group can do it alone. Once you say it is your turn, it will not work. When you say it is your turn, you have started failing. The Governor also defended his decision to site three flyer-overs in Ikwerre land, adding that if he has his way, he will cite as much as ten. Present at the event were: Ebonyi State Governor, Dave Umahi, Imo State Governor, Emeka Ihedioha, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed, Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, Benue State Governor, Dr Samuel Ortom, Adamawa State Governor, Ahmadu Fintiri,Sokoto State Governor, Aminu Tambuwal and Taraba State Governor, Dairus Ishaku . Also present were: Former Anambra State Governor, Peter Obi, Former Rivers State Governor, Dr Peter Odili, Former Rivers State Governor, Sir Celestine Omehia, Former Gombe State Governor, Ibrahim Dankwambo, Former Ekiti State Governor, Ayo Fayose , PDP National Chairman, Prince Uche Secondus, Former Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt Hon Chibodum Nwuche and Senator Dino Melaye. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.