Ilorin Zonal office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Wednesday disclosed that it has recovered additional seventy million naira for the Kwara state government in its ongoing efforts to recover funds allegedly stolen by corrupt individuals. The commission had on October 11, 2019, handed over the sum of N112m recovered to the state Governor, Mallam Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq in Ilorin. Speaking as a guest, Wednesday, on the Nigerian Television Authority program, Ilorin, ‘Morning Safari’, the zonal head, Isyaku Sharu, said the N70m was recovered in the ongoing Investigations of the Kwara state internal revenue service, KWIRS. He said” we beamed our searchlights on political office holders, civil servants and internet fraudsters. “You remember recently, we handed over about N112m cash to his excellency, Malam Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq, but I can tell you that from our ongoing investigations into the spending of KWIRS, we have recovered additional 70 million Naira, “Sharu stated. “We came at the eve of the 2019 general elections, we embarked on anti-vote buying, our roles on the elections made the exercise to be free, fair and credible, we discovered that about one billion naira was diverted by government officials, we investigated it and saved the state’s resources,” he added. On other achievements of the zone, he said: “as it is today, we have 44 convictions in the zone,42 of them were prosecuted on offences bordering on internet fraud and other related offences, we must join hands to fight the menace of internet fraud because it affects our image as a country.” Sharu said parents, traditional rulers and religious leaders must play their roles in the fight against corruption. He also appealed to the people of Kwara, Kogi and Ekiti states to continue to partner with the anti-graft agency by giving relevant information that would assist the commission in the discharge of its responsibilities. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.