Twenty-five passengers have been confirmed dead following a head-on collision involving two vehicles at Gabi village along Bauch-Kano road. Bauchi State Police Command made the disclosure on Thursday in a statement issued by the command’s Public Relations Officer, DSP Jamal Datti Abubakar. Part of the statement reads; “With a heavy heart, the Bauchi State Police Command regret to inform the general public that, there was a fatal motor vehicles accident today, Thursday 12/12/2019 at about 0630hrs, at a location closed to Gubi village along Bauchi – Kano road involving two motor vehicles, Toyota Hummer bus conveying twenty two (22) passengers and J5 bus conveying four (4) passengers and twenty (20) cows. “The accident occurred when the two vehicles were coming towards opposite direction and on reaching a point along the road, they had a head-on collision, as a result all the twenty six (26) passengers from the two vehicles sustained serious burn injuries. “The victims were immediately evacuated from the scene by security agents with assistance of good Samaritans to Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Teaching Hospital for treatment. Unfortunately, on reaching the hospital, twenty five (25) passengers were confirmed dead by the medical doctor while one (1) survived and is on admission receiving treatment. The Spokesman also said investigation has revealed that, all the passengers boarded the Toyota bus from Katsina on their way to Yola while the passengers in the J5 bus were from Bauchi on their way to Kano. According to him, up to the time of this release, only four (4) corpses from the J5 bus were identified by their families and released for burial while twenty one (21) from the Toyata bus were yet to be identified and claimed by their families. “It is on this note, the Command calls on members of the public whom their family member(s) left Katsina to Yola today’s morning and are still unable to reach them to check at the ATBU Teaching Hospital please. “Investigation is ongoing to ascertain the cause of the accident,” he added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.