The sleepy town of Omu, in Obokun Local Government Area of Osun State, was thrown into mourning and profound grief over the weekend, as two teenagers riding on motorcycle reportedly drowned in a river. The deceased, whose ages were between 16 and 24 were simply identified as Tunde and Samad and said to be travelling along Osogbo – Obokun Local Government road before getting drowned on the old bridge, which connects Osogbo, Osun State capital with over 15 villages and hamlets in the local government. An eyewitness, who lives in a nearby village told Daily Post that the terrible condition of the bridge has caused many deaths along the axis. He added that several calls on the government to fix the bridge to avert avoidable deaths were to no avail. The source said the death of the two teenagers was very unfortunate and has brought great sorrow to the community. Also speaking, a relative of the deceased, who preferred anonymity said “The deceased were heading to one of the villages in the community to bring their father to Osogbo for the weekend when the unfortunate incident happened. “The deceased were cousins. It is very unfortunate that all efforts made to save them proved abortive as they were brought out of the river dead by people who spent several hours trying to rescue them, he said. Meanwhile, the head of Odu village, Chief Maroof Adekunle has called on Osun State government to come to the aid of the communities in the area by fixing the bridge to avoid further deaths. Adekunle explained that the condition of the bridge was further worsened during the last rainy season, adding that all efforts to get the government’s attention to reconstruct the bridge was fruitless. “The bridge connects Koka, Omu, Odu, Anjo, Kole and many other villages and hamlets to the state capital, and we are pleading with the state government to help us,” Adekunle averred. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.