An Ibadan Chief, Mogaji Adegboyega Adegoke, has advised Nigerians to shift their attention from the federal government budgets and be more concerned about budgets of the states and local government areas that are closer to them. Adegoke made these declarations while addressing journalists during an end of the year party he organised for some of his associates, friends and families in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital at the weekend. The Mogaji of Abose compound in Olubadan traditional lineage, while urgings Nigerians to shift their attention from the budgets of the federal government, insisted that the states and local government areas also have budgets, which can also be scrutinised by the people at the state and local levels. Adegoke, who is the Executive Director Finance and Chief Financial Officer of OES Energy Services, while speaking further, revealed that Nigerians should be more concerned with budgets at the state and local levels because, Governors and Chairmen also sit budgets. He said, “I said something recently, I was at a place last week and somebody brought the issue of national budget. And I asked them, which one is closer to you. Why are people so particular about federal government budget, whereas the state government is closer to them. “People should scrutinize the state government budget more than the federal government budget because it is closer to them. State government, they also see on budget, local government also seat on the budget. “People should be more considerate, show interest in state and local government budgets because they put the Governor and chairmen in place. They should consider state and local government budgets more. They should know how much state and local government are budgeting on education, rural health. “The state and local governments also share budget from the federation account. Yes, federal government share from the federation account has education, security, food security, so federal government has a lot to do, that is why I said that people should be more concerned about state and local government budgets.” He encouraged Nigerians to ask their governors and chairmen how much they budget for the construction of roads, schools and health centers that are closer to them instead of placing more emphasis on federal government budgets that is not within their reach. Adegoke said, “There are a lot of things local government should be able to do. The rural roads, culverts in your area, these are jobs of the local government, there is nothing concern federal government with this, so that is why I said that people should be more concerned about state and local government budgets more that than federal government budgets. “So, tell me the number of times that the local government has ever read their budget. In the last ten years, how many local government has read its own budget to the public. But, they sit on budgets, they are the third tier of government. They also share from the federation account, so they should be more concerned about state and local government budgets. “There are roads in your rural areas that need to be constructed and repair. There are roads that the state government supposed to fix. So, I am more about state and local government budgets. “Yes, federal government concerned me because of security, national issues, foreign issues and other issues. Federal government has a lot of issues to contend with. That is why i said that we should be more interested in state and local government budgets.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.