Ex-House of Representatives candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance(APGA) for Bende federal constituency seat of Abia state, Nnamdi Udensi, has declared that the party being chaired by Ozonkpu Victor Oye, has collapsed. Udensi opined that many party leaders and stakeholders have continued to dump APGA due to the alleged impunity that was perpetrated during the 2018 primaries by Oye and his hirelings. The APGA chieftain who made this known in an interview with newsmen on Wednesday in Umuahia, asserted that the alleged impunity led the All Progressives Grand Alliance(APGA) losing many elective positions during the 2019 general elections in South East region, According to Udensi, “It had collapsed already. PDP took Victor Umeh senatorial seat. In Abia, the crisis is irreconcilable. APGA is indeed already going”. He, therefore, called for a total restructuring of the party so as to enable APGA regain it’s lost ground ahead of future elections, reiterating that the party has lost its strongholds in Abia and South East occasioned by the ill-treatment meted to majority of the APGA aspirants who were jostling for ticket during the primary elections. Meanwhile, the Secretary of APGA in Abia state, Elder Sunday Onukwubiri, has berated the purported defection of four hundred members of the party to the ruling Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) in Abia state. Recall that DAILY POST had reported that about 400 members of APGA had defected to the PDP in Isiala Ngwa South Local government area of Abia state. The declaration event which was held in Mbutu Isiala Ngwa LGA and attended by prominent People’s Democratic Party(PDP) leaders, saw the decamped APGA members declaring their support to Governor Okezie Ikpeazu-led government in the state. The report had it that Prince Monday Kingsley led the four hundred APGA members from Isiala Ngwa South Local government area to the ruling Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) in Abia state. But, reacting in a terse statement, Onukwubiri opined, “There is no APGA stakeholder or leaders in Isiala Ngwa south in the commercially motivated gathering. They are a group of individual sales agents seeking for notice and going cap in hand. “In APGA, we know ourselves, in Isiala Ngwa south, we know our leader and leaders as the LGA remains the stronghold of our strong man, leader and board of Trustee member of our great party, Chief Barr Ahamdi Nweke Emmanuel, a name that strikes fear in the camp of our opponents”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.