The police in Ogun State have arrested a 23-year-old man, Adeeko Owolabi, for allegedly killing his girlfriend, Favour Daley-Oladele – a final-year Sociology student of Lagos State University, LASU. The suspect, police said, was arrested together with a 42-year-old self acclaimed Pastor of a white garment church, Segun Philip, who, it was learnt, requested for the deceased’s heart. The deceased was reported to have left home to an unknown destination since December 8, 2019 and has not been seen since then, hence, she was reported missing by her parents at Mowe Police Station. In a statement on Sunday, the Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi, explained that, upon the report, the DPO Mowe division, SP Marvis Jayeola detailed his crack detectives to unravel the mystery behind the sudden disappearance of the 22 year old girl. Oyeyemi disclosed that, “the detectives went into full scale technical and forensic investigation of the case and their efforts paid off, when the movement of the deceased was traced to a white garment church in far away Ikoyi-Ile in Osun State, being pastored by one Segun Philip.” The PPRO explained that, “on getting to the church, the self-acclaimed pastor was promptly arrested, but he was quick to inform the detectives that the girl was brought to him by her boyfriend, Adeeko Owolabi, who was still within the vicinity of the church. “The said boyfriend was traced and apprehended immediately. “On interrogation, Adeeko Owolabi confessed to the police that the deceased was his girlfriend and that he lured her to Ikoyi-Ile where he had perfected plans with the so-called pastor Segun Philip to use her for money making ritual. “He stated further that while the girl was sleeping, the pastor gave him a pestle with which he used to smash the head of the girl and the pastor quickly used a knife to cut off her neck, ripped-opened her chest and removed her heart, which he used in preparing a concoction for him and his mother to eat. “When asked what pushed him to such devilish act, Owolabi explained that he decided to go into money ritual because things are not going well with his parents economically most especially his mother who used to be the breadwinner of the family. “He added that when he sought for assistance from the pastor, he was asked to bring a human being for that purpose and the available person at that time was his girlfriend.” Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police, CP Kenneth Ebrimson, has ordered the immediate transfer of the suspects to the Homicide Section of the State criminal investigation and intelligence department for proper investigation. The CP, who described the gruesome murder of the deceased as superlative degree of wickedness, vowed to ensure that all the suspects faced the full wrath of the law. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.