Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Federal Government has said that the ongoing border drill is neither targeted at any region nor designed to cripple businesses in any part of the country as being insinuated by some conspiracy theorists. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed stated this on Monday when he led a federal government ministerial delegation on inspection and assessment of the drill at the Magama Jibia border post in Katsina state. Mohammed said that contrary to the view of the conspiracy theorists, the partial border closure was ongoing in four geo-political zones of the country – South-South (Sector 1), South-West (Sector 2), North-Central (Sector 3) and North-West (Sector 4) 2. Members of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB have allegedly killed two policemen in Anambra State. A release by the Police Public Relations Officer, SP Haruna Mohammed stated that there was a formal complaint against one Barrister Ifeanyi Ejiofor in Oraifite on alleged case of abduction, assault occasioning harm and malicious damage to property. Consequently, police patrol teams led by the Area Commander, Oraifite, ACP Oliver Abbey mobilised and rushed to the scene in order to arrest the suspect who declined police invitation. It was alleged that armed men suspected to be IPOB members descended on the police, set ablaze one Patrol vehicle and attacked them with rifles and machetes, resulting in the death of two officers. 3. Doctors in Lagos State, under the aegis of Medical Guild, have rejected the new minimum wage paid to workers by the state government, saying it is below the expectations of civil servants. Dr Babajide Saheed, Chairman of the Guild, made the doctors’ decision known on Monday at a media briefing. Saheed said that not only was the new minimum wage unacceptable, the Guild was not also part of the negotiation which was communicated to the government. 4. A Lagos State Federal High Court on Monday ordered the forfeiture of two houses belonging to the immediate past Senate President, Bukola Saraki. The houses are located at plots 10 and 11 Abdulkadir Road, GRA, Ilorin, Kwara State. Justice Rilwan Aikawa gave the order following an application filed by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC. 5. Barcelona captain, Lionel Messi, has won the Ballon d’Or 2019. Messi scooped the prize ahead of Virgil van Dijk, Cristiano Ronaldo and Sadio Mane. This means the Argentine superstar is the first player to win the Ballon d’Or for the sixth time. Ronaldo remains on five. Liverpool forward, Mohamed Salah finished fifth, followed by PSG’s Kylian Mbappe, while Salah’s team-mate Alisson Becker was in seventh. 6. The World Bank has warned that the number of Nigerians living in extreme poverty may increase by more than 30 million by 2030. The bank warned that Nigeria will be home to 25 per cent of the world’s destitute people if the government fails to revive economic growth and create jobs. The bank gave the warning in its 2019 Nigeria Economic Update Report, which was released on Monday. 7. Unknown gunmen have abducted a former chief of staff to late governor Danbaba Suntai, Mallam Aminu Jika. It was learnt that the unidentified gunmen broke into Magami residence in Jalingo metropolis at midnight. According to the report, the gunmen suspected to be Kidnappers numbering about 10 forcefully entered Jika’s house and took him to an unknown location. Police spokesperson, DSP David Misal confirmed the abduction. 8. The Court of Appeal sitting in Port Harcourt on Monday struck out the appeal filed by the defeated Governorship Candidate of the Action Democratic Party (ADP), Mr Victor Fingesi against the re-election of gov. Nyesom Wike. In a lead judgment on Monday, Justice H.N Ogunwimiji declared that the ADP Governorship candidate’s petition was struck out as he failed to prove that the election was marred by irregularities. 9. The Centre for Anti-Corruption and Open Leadership, CACOL, has taken a swipe a the federal government for reportedly applying to a Federal High Court in Abuja, seeking an order of transfer of Sowore and Bakare who are in custody over an alleged call for a revolution. CACOL’S Coordinator, Media and Publications, Adegboyega Otunuga, on Monday, said it was worrisome that on two separate occasions, the accused have been granted bail by the same courts set up by the government, yet they remained in custody, lamenting that the two accused have been declared as prisoners of conscience by the Amnesty International, global rights advocacy group and treated as such by the international community with the American Congress calling for their immediate and unconditional release. 10. There was a serious scare on an Ethiopian airline plane conveying over 200 persons to the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, on Monday, as a young man in his early thirties, identified only as a Malaysian deportee, rushed into the plane’s toilet with a lighter and lit a cigarette. With the emerging smoke from the toilet, the emergency alarm of the plane came on, sending the entire passengers into panic. The incident which many of the passengers termed another form of terrorist attack, caused serious panic in the air as the crew members rushed to the toilet with a fire extinguisher and other gadgets to avert what would have resulted to a plane crash. The suspect was later picked up by security agents upon arrival. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.