The Association of Local Government of Nigeria (ALGON), Oyo State chapter has described the planned move by Governor Seyi Makinde of the state to appoint caretaker chairmen for the 33 Local Government Areas (LGAs) and 35 Local Council Development Areas (LCDAs) in the state as an invitation to anarchy. ALGON made this declaration via a statement signed by its Chairman, Prince Ayodeji Abass- Aleshinloye, a copy of which was made available to DAILY POST on Sunday in Ibadan, the state capital. DAILY POST gathered that Makinde Chief of Staff, Mr. Bisi Ilaka, recently disclosed that the Governor will this month, (December) appoint caretaker chairmen in the 33 Local Government Areas and 35 Local Council Development Areas in the state. But, Abass- Aleshinloye, while reacting, described the plan as tales by moonlight on grassroots democratic governance. “So far, Governor Makinde’s undemocratic disposition and flagrant disobedience, with impunity, of court orders by illegally dissolving constitutional bodies, elected democratic local government structures, breaches of contractual obligations, in Oyo State clearly shows a despotic government. “Perhaps, the governor may want democracy, but it appears his spirit is too weak to take the necessary courageous steps to be on the right path for its evolution.” Abass-Aleshinloye drew the governor’s attention to the subsisting judgments of the Supreme Court that declared as illegal, null and void, any dissolution of elected local government councils by state governors and state assemblies. “The governor is fully aware of this and the specific judgement of the Oyo State High Court, which re-emphasized same and restrained the Oyo State governor and House of Assembly from dissolving local governments. “Makinde did not only consciously flout these subsisting court orders/ judgements, he also took other dangerous steps by illegally dissolving OYSIEC, a constitutional body with a specified tenure provided by our constitution. “To add salt to the injury, His Excellency moved a notch further in acts of illegality by seeking to bribe members, through monetisation, of OYSIEC dissolution which has raised both moral and legal questions as to the reckless use of tax payers’ money for illegal, selfish and partisan ends. “This Governor continues with reckless abandonment to abuse his oath of office by constantly reiterating he would conduct local government elections into councils next year, even while the tenure of our members subsist. Is this the said people’s mandate, to trample on everything sacred in our constitution? We will not abandon our mandate by the good people of Oyo state, nor allow sudden opportunistic advisers of the Governor to derail democratic norms, values and culture in our dear state. “We will not compromise the people’s mandate to us, but only appeal to our dear citizens of Oyo state across the Local governments and LCDAs to keep faith with constitutionality. The acts of impunity shall be set aside by our Courts by the grace of God, and in expression of the will of the people. The judiciary remains the last hope of the common man and of our constitutional democracy.” He warned that any attempt as being contemplated by the Governor to impose Caretaker arrangements on all the Local Governments in Oyo State against series of court judgements which his administration has appealed to, shall be vehemently rejected as this may heat up the polity and eventually lead to a state of emergency. “The aftermath of this may not be palatable, as his continual and flagrant disobedience to the court judgements may not only lead to the outbreak of laws and orders but may end up consuming the governor himself. It is advisable at this juncture, that the governor gives due regards to the rule of law to which he has sworn to uphold by towing a path of constitutionality in order to forestall a state of anarchy”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.