Over one thousand youths from Boki local government area of Cross River State, on Wednesday shutdown Governor’s office, disrupting official functions of government. The protesting youths, who displayed placards with various inscriptions, blocked the gates and prevented government functionaries, guests to Governor Ben Ayade and other members of the public from gaining access to the offices in Governor’s office, as well as going out. Speaking to newsmen while the protest lasted, the co-convener of the protest, Pastor Eriom Samuel Ncha pleaded with Governor Ben Ayade to understand the plight of the youths. He explained that the youths in Boki were tired of political thuggery, political exclusion, killing, as a result of cultism, gangsterism and drug abuse.  “We are tired of recycling of our leaders and elders, they are the people who are allegedly involved in the crisis in Boki, in which many people were killed, yet they have been appointed commissioners to enable them continue with the alleged killing. “The so-called elders and leaders have sat down to impose a 69-year-old man to be our Local Government Chairman when we have vibrant youths in their 30 years who are capable of running the local government, we are tired of them,” he said. The protesters stressed that Governor Ayade should allow the youths to decides their future, stressing, “We are not asking him for anything, we are asking him to give us a level playing ground, let him hear the youths, we say no more thuggery, no more cultism, no more killing, but if our elders impose people on us at the forthcoming local government elections in the State, the crisis shall continue.” Also speaking, two Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Chairmanship aspirants, Koze Leo and Jonathan Osang lamented the activities of the elders and leaders of Boki, explaining that the people lied to them that Governor Ayade has installed the Chairman of Boki over the people. “The youths are saying, we don’t want imposition of candidate and we want one of us to be elected Chairman of Boki. We will continue to shut down governor’s office if our demands are not met. We want level playing ground and the so called elders should not be appointed Commissioners, they had been in power since 1999,” the aspirants cried out. Jonathan Osang, former Director, State Emergency Management Agency said, “The problem of Boki is from our leaders and elders, not the youths. Our elders and leaders had been in power since 1999, they don’t want the youths to grow, they have sent their children abroad, UK, USA etc and want them to take over from them, God forbid.” Meanwhile, the Permanent Secretary in charge of Security, Governor’s office Dr Alfred Mboto pleaded with the protesters to give him a little time to discuss the issue with the Governor. He said, “We are hopeful that if the Governor is adequately briefed on why you are here, he will do the needful”. After much pleading by security operatives and others, the protesters left the gates of the governor’s office. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.