Following yesterday’s failed attack on Damaturu by suspected ISWAP fighters, the Yobe State Police Command said security situation in the state still remains volatile and unpredictable. The State Commissioner of Police, Yahaya Abubakar disclosed this on Monday while briefing newsmen at the state command in Damaturu on the security situation as well as successes recorded by the police in the fight against crimes. Mr. Abubakar noted that attempted invasion of Damaturu by the insurgents yesterday, Sunday, is a confirmation of the assessment of the security situation in the state.  “There has been intermittent incursions into the State by the insurgents from the neighbouring Borno State, thereby posing great threats to lives and property, especially in the frontline LGAs of Yunusari, Tarmuwa, and Geidam in the northern part, as well as Gujba and Damaturu in the southern part of the State”, he confirmed. According to the Police Commissioner, other than the threats of insurgency and terrorism, the State was also confronted with challenges of heinous crimes, such as homicides, which were mainly associated with farmer/herder conflicts across the State. He added that other prevalent crimes included rapes, theft of domestic animals and house/store breakings, among others. “It’s against this background that the Command reviewed and updated its crime prevention strategies by embedding PMF personnel (on special duty in the State) into ‘Operation Puff Adder’, to intensify its operational activities across the State. “In addition, the Command also established a Special Police Unit known as the ‘Desert Intervention Squad’ (DIS) to address incidents of kidnappings and cattle rustling. “I am glad to inform you that the implementation of these measures have led to tremendous reduction in cases of kidnappings, theft of domestic animals and other major crimes in the State”, he maintained.  Highlighting some of the successes recorded by the command in the last three months, CP Abubakar said many criminals had been arrested in connection to armed robberies, kidnappings, cattle rustling, rapes, homicides and burglaries among others crimes, while arms, as well as ammunitions were also recovered during the period under review. “However, despite the volatility of the security situation in the State, the Command has recorded substantial achievements in terms of crime prevention, crime control and public safety in the last three (3) months. “In particular, the Command has arrested suspects for various offences, including homicides, armed robberies, kidnappings, cattle rustling, farmer/herder conflicts and rapes. “So far, suspects have been arraigned in various courts in the State for prosecution, with suspects still standing trial, while 11 suspects have already been convicted and sentenced to various jail terms. Others include 15 suspects, who are under various stages of investigation, preparatory to being processed to the courts for prosecution. “Furthermore, a total of 19 heads of cattle and 21 sheep have been recovered from animal thieves, while 2 locally fabricated Pistols and 2 Single Barrel Guns were recovered”, he said. The CP urged people in the state to sustain the partnership and collaboration by continuing to provide credible and timely information to the Police, while pledging that the command will not relent in its efforts in ensuring that the relative peace and stability in the State is sustained, for enhanced public safety and security. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.