About 400 leaders and stakeholders of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in Isiala Ngwa South Local Government Area of Abia State, on Friday, decamped to the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The APGA defectors were led into the governing PDP in the state by Prince Monday Kingsley and were received by the Abia central zonal Vice-chairman of the PDP, High Chief Obinna Nwachukwu, Abia PDP ex-officio, Chief Chijioke Akanwa, Vice chairman Abia North PDP chapter, Hon. Nnanna Oriobi and the Transition Committee Chairman of Isiala Ngwa South Local Government Council, Hon. Ike Anyatonwu. Speaking at the open declaration ceremony held in Mbutu in Isiala Ngwa South, the leader of the decampees, Prince Monday Kingsley, said, “As one of the APGA shareholders both ward, local government and state, and also BOT chairman, Ngwa Leaders of Tomorrow Umunneato, comprises Isiala Ngwa North LGA, Isiala Ngwa South LGA, Osisioma Ngwa LGA, I and 400 APGA leaders and stakeholders in Umunneato extraction were received today by Abia central zonal vice chairman, High Chief Obinna Nwachukwu. “At this juncture, on behalf of other APGA decampees, we sincerely thank the state party executives at ward, LGA and state for their efforts and time. “Thanks a million to the PDP leaders in Umunneato extraction for having interface with APGA members during the event.” Addressing the APGA defectors, the Abia central zonal vice chairman of PDP, Chief Obinna Nwachukwu and the Transition Committee Chairman of Isiala Ngwa South LGA, Hon. Ike Anyatonwu urged the new party members to abide by the constitution of the party and desist from any tendencies that may constitute anti-party activities. They called on them to render their support to the Governor Okezie Ikpeazu-led government in the state as it has embarked upon massive infrastructures development towards making lives better for the people of Abia state. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.