The All Progressives Congress New Media Group in Ekiti State has cautioned her PDP counterpart to stop blackmailing the Governor of the State, Dr. John Kayode Fayemi, who has remained focused in restoring the values of the state debased by their ilk in order to guarantee them a better future. The Group, in a joint release, condemned the alleged meddlesome outburst of the PDP in an affair they knew nothing about and corrected that Gov. Fayemi was a complete democrat who had been adjudged to be fair in his political approach by both local and international communities. The APC group cited the recently won “Human rights Award ” by the State Government under Fayemi as a testimony to his growing reputation and his selfless focus at giving the state a first-class treatment in all endeavours Reacting to another story narrated by the PDP group in which it accused the Governor of plotting the removal and replacement of the Vice president, Prof Yemi Osinbajo. The APC group observed that such allegation could only come from an idle mind, which was as a result of the PDP agent’s failure to comprehend the speed of Dr Fayemi’s political achievements, thus exposing their fears in the governor’s soaring popularity. It said, ”It is disappointing to see sane minds thinking of Dr Fayemi, who is the Chairman of the Nigeria Governors forum, towing a path of a desperado, the APC group said, describing Fayemi as duly committed to his primary assignment of driving Ekiti State forward and thus would not be distracted by cheap propaganda from the warped mind of unrelenting saboteurs of good governance. “By now, the PDP goons should realise that they have been abandoned by their leader and former governor Ayo Fayose, who recently apologised for using and dumping them, and as such they are now on their own in their futile voyage.” ”Rather than these PDP goons embarking on the journey to perdition, the APC group advised them to take advantage of the employment opportunity being created by the Fayemi administration and turn a new leaf of living a worthy life like everyone.” On allegations of absenteeism from the state by the governor, the APC’s New Media group described the statement as a horrible lie, saying ”The Governor, they said, has since inception of his tenure been working assiduously on the Ekiti project and has been impacting on the restoration of the state’s core values, improvements in civil servants and pensioner’s welfare.” The group also maintained that Gov Fayemi’s movements have been yielding positive results in terms of agricultural, educational and sports developments respectively. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.