Former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode, on Thursday reacted to President Muhammadu Buhari’s announcement of visa on arrival for citizens of African countries. Buhari spoke on Wednesday at the opening session of the ongoing Aswan Forum for Sustainable Peace and Development in Africa in Egypt. He said: “We in Nigeria have already taken the strategic decision to bring down barriers that have hindered the free movement of our people within the continent by introducing the issuance of visa at the point of entry into Nigeria to all persons holding passports of African countries with effect from January, 2020.” But Fani-Kayode in a statement said the Fulanis of North and West Africa have finally been given what they wanted all along. “They will flood Nigeria in their millions and within 5 years our demographics will change forever”, the former presidential aide noted. “Simply put, a visa-free policy for Africans to come into Nigeria is a shameless and subtle attempt to alter the racial and religious demographics of our country and open our front door for mass Fulani, Berber, Taureg and Arab migration into our shores. “By the time they come here from all over north and west Africa and settle down, we the indigenous people of Nigeria will be a tiny minority. “The next thing they will do is to implement RUGA to the letter and take our land and insist on sharia law being implemented all over the country. “It is a dangerous, self-serving and self-seeking policy which will ultimately result in great conflict, carnage, racial and religious strife and total catastrophy. “In an attempt to implement an ancient agenda of Fulani hegemony and turn us into a conquered and enslaved people Buhari, his born to rule co-travellers and their vast legion of slavish sympathisers and supporters are likely to set Nigeria on fire. “You will not believe me now just as you did not believe me when I warned about the true nature of Buhari in 2015 and the grave consequences of electing him as President. “Yet my words have proved to be prophetic and just as I have been vindicated on Buhari I shall be vindicated on this matter of the grave and dangerous consequences of visa-free mass migration by vagrant, stateless and nomadic Africans into our shores. “With this irresponsible, unpatriotic, dangerous and self-serving policy, I repeat, we are playing with fire and sitting on a keg of gunpowder which will eventually explode. It will be the final nail in the coffin of a united Nigeria. May God deliver us from the coming evil.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.