Some Nigerians have quickly reacted to the court ruling sentencing former Governor of Abia State, Orji Uzor Kalu to twelve years in prison. A Federal High Court in Lagos on Thursday found Kalu, guilty of 39 counts of N7.2 billion fraud and money laundering. Kalu was charged alongside Jones Udeogo, the state Commissioner for Finance during his tenure as the governor. Ruling, Justice Mohammed Idris sentenced him to 12 years in prison. The court also ordered that the Slok Nig. Ltd. Should be shut down and its assets forfeited to the Federal Government. The court ruling has since stirred diverse reactions from Nigerians online: Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Jeffphilips ” Buhari is after the Igbos that’s why Orji Kalu was convicted despite being APC. Don’t you see Onyeama was set up in the US and Ifeanyi Uba is now almost being prosecuted for owing Nigeria via AMCON; ordinary small N135b? @Folijay “So a former governor in Nigeria is going to spend 12 years in prison. I hope Orji Kalu will enjoy his time in prison.” @IgboakuC ” Kalu face 12 years jail term for over N7bn fraud Another Igbo man. Serve Nigeria and come back with shame.” @Jumilagos “Would Orji Kalu appeal that Judgement? @Chinnadozie “Orji Kalu has been sentenced to 12 years in prison for N7.65 billion fraud. Justice has been served. His master Buhari could not save him. No treasury looter or fraudster will go scot-free. T. A Orji and Ikpeazu take note.” @Abd_ojs “If Orji Kalu can be convicted, how much more of “destroyer of souls” from Kwara who has been tormenting the state for years? Saraki, if everyone forgives you, I will not for destroying our state, terrorizing us with your thugs, assassins, etc and confinding us into debts.” @Lordmuka “Orji Kalu, the evils you did in PDP lived with you even as you ran to APC. Court has called you a thief with 12 yrs in jail.” @Neddmichaels “Orji Kalu a high profile? That man is a pure scam! 100yrs in jail for him.” @Balatic “Orji Kalu thought by worshipping Buhari, he’d be treated like Babachir Lawal or Abba Kyari lmao. Someone pls give us the name of the prison he’ll be spending the next 12yrs of his life at. We wanna visit and remind him that we warned him! @Youngotutu ” That Orji Uzor Kalu is a thief is not a question.That Orji Kalu is being sentenced to 12yrs in prison calls for a celebration. However, awaiting the decision of the Appeal /supreme court, before celebrating is adviseable.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.