A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in Enugu State, Princess Adaku Ogbu-Aguocha has described the defection of Prince Lawrence Ezeh to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, as good ridance to bad rubbish. Ogbu-Aguocha, who was the Enugu East Senatorial Candidate for the February National Assembly poll, said Ezeh was never a member of the APC. She spoke in reaction to a media report that Ezeh defected to the PDP with over 20,000 supporters, describing it as a charade as he was never a member of APC in the first instance. She said “Ezeh lost his bid to grab the APC ticket at the High Court, the Appeal Court and the Supreme Court, where all the courts disagreed with his candidacy saying that it is ‘monkey dey work, baboon dey chop.’ Ogbu-Aguocha warned all other persons in Enugu APC, who came in solely to ‘steal and destroy’, to repent now, or be flushed out. “How can he claim to be decamping to PDP when he never left PDP. “Such characters with questionable loyalties have no place in our progressive party and Next Level government. “So his departure is truly ‘good riddance to bad rubbish’. We can now continue to rebuild Enugu APC under the able leadership of the Honorable Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama,” she said. She alleged that Ezeh was part of the interlopers from other parties that were imposed on the APC by factional opportunistic party leaders and self styled emperors to destabilise the party in the state. Ezeh had shortly after he lost the PDP senatorial primary election, won by a former governor of the state, Dr. Chimaroke Nnamani, defected to the APC where he was given the party’s ticket. But not satisfied with the development, the second runner-up to the APC primary election in the Enugu East Senatorial District, Princess Adaku Ogbu-Aguocha challenged his candidacy, and won at the Federal High Court, Enugu and the Appeal Court. Meanwhile, Ogbu-Aguocha has reassured Nigerians that President Buhari’s committment to the upliftment of the lives of Nigerians in general and Ndigbo in particular is well on course. “The days of yearly fuel scarcity in December is long gone, and by 2022 the hardship our people suffer every December at the Niger Bridge will stop with the completion of the 2nd Niger Bridge,” she said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.