An Igando Customary Court in Lagos on Wednesday dissolved a 26-year-old marriage between one Pastor Oluwole Ajayi and his wife, Aramide, on grounds of defamation of character. Ajayi, had approached the court to end his marriage to Aramide for informing his church members he had an affair with a female evangelist which had affected his church, NAN reports. He said that the accusation had disorganised the church and made them lose some members. The Pastor said that his marriage had been fraught with fighting and quarrels for some years now because his wife lacked respect for him and members of his family. He urged the court to terminate the marriage because he no longer loved her, stating that she took his land title document and had refused to give him the document. Aramide, conceded to the dissolution of the marriage because she was fed up with the union. She said, “my husband is having an affair with our female evangelist whom he brings home and both sleep together in our room. “I have reported his adulterous act to the church and his family members, but he refused to stop the illicit act. “He told me that nothing and nobody can separate him and the evangelist.
“Oluwole detest me since this woman came into his life; he does not even know if I exist. “He abandoned me five years ago and the woman now controls him and the church.” ”He embarrassed me in public by chasing me out of his church and ordering his security men not to ever allow me into his church premises again. “Oluwole is fetish and he brings home different objects and substances which he keeps in his bedroom.” Mr Adeniyi Koledoye, the court president, while delivering judgment, said that it appeared that the estranged couple was tired of the marriage and all efforts to reconcile both parties had failed. He said“Since both parties consented to the dissolution of the marriage, this court has no choice than to dissolve the marriage. “The court, hereby, pronounces the marriage between Pastor Oluwole Ajayi and Mrs Aramide Ajayi dissolved today, both of you, henceforth, cease to be husband and wife. “Each of you should go on his or her separate ways unmolested, the court wishes both of you well in your future endeavours. “The petitioner is to pay severance of N200,000 to his wife for her to move on with her life.” Koledoye also told Ajayi to continue to be responsible for their children’s feeding, education and general welfare. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.