Former Nigeria’s President, Olusegun Obasanjo, has said Imo State Governor, Hon. Emeka Ihedioha possessed the qualities to rebuild the State. Obasanjo made the declaration when he alongside other notable national leaders visited Governor Ihedioha at his country home in Mbutu, in Aboh Mbaise local government area of the state. DAILY POST learnt that ex- President, Olusegun Obasanjo was in Imo State for the 90th birthday celebration of foremost nationalist and elder-statesman, Chief. Mbazuluike Amaechi which held in Owerri, Monday. However, Obasanjo said, “Some of us have said, you have what it takes to make this State one of the leading states in our country”. He said, “I believe that God who made you Governor of Imo State this time will give you the knowledge to do what needs to be done for Imo State, to make it one of the leading States in the country. While congratulating you on your electoral victory, I pray the Almighty God to enable you to govern well. “Having eminently served as Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, you are eminently qualified to make Imo State one of the best States. You have to bring to bear your wealth of knowledge and extensive contact to the service of Imo State and the South East”. In his remarks, President General, Ohaneze Ndigbo, Dr.John Nnia Nwodo commended former President, Obasanjo for his statesman role in the country by remaining apolitical. He said the former President comments fairly on compelling national issues particularly on Igbo Presidency. Nwodo said, “there is hope and a new beginning for Igbo nation with the quality of leadership provided by Governor Ihedioha. We have a Governor who is humble, experienced and who is not afraid to appoint people who posses more academic accomplishments than him or those who have more exposure in governance than him. “In Governor Ihedioha’s government, you have former ministers serving as commissioners and as Chairmen of various committees”. Responding, Ihedioha said his administration was on track in rebuilding Imo State, as his efforts are already yielding significant results. The governor assured that he will not disappoint, stating that his administration was focused on meeting its promises to the people of Imo State. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.