The All Progressives Congress (APC), Bayelsa State, has warned governor, Seriake Dickson, to desist from threatening the State following the electoral defeat of his candidate in the just concluded governorship election. The party advised governor Dickson to toe the path of democracy and the rule of law by taking his grievances to the courts. The party’s State Publicity Secretary, Doifie Buokoribo, expressed APC’s position in a statement released to DAILY POST in Yenagoa on Sunday. The warning came amid successive claims by Dickson that the election in the state was marred after the PDP candidate Senator Douye Diri lost to the APC candidate David Lyon David Lyon, had won with over 70 per cent of the votes and defeated his opponent, Douye Diri in six of the eight local government areas of the state. The statement read, “In the last few weeks, since the overwhelming victory of our candidate at the November 16 governorship election, Chief David Lyon, Governor Henry Seriake Dickson has inundated the state and, indeed, the country with wild allegations and inciting comments. “He has screamed blue murder at all relevant institutions of state, from the electoral body to the security agencies, and the winning All Progressives Congress (APC). And he has absolved only himself and his section of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) of blame. “From his furious mind, Dickson has issued threats to the electorate in Bayelsa State and APC members, particularly, and he has boasted about his capacity to unleash violence and turn the state upside down. “Dickson has displayed everything, but commitment to democratic ideals and legal processes of electoral conflict resolution. “We, however, unequivocally state and also remind Dickson that the elections have been concluded and the Governor-Elect, Chief David Lyon, is only waiting to be sworn into office as the next Governor of Bayelsa State. “And for those who feel aggrieved, like Dickson, there are constitutionally prescribed processes open to them to follow in trying to redress their grievances. Disparaging the institutions of state and inciting the public to violence are certainly, not among the processes. “Dickson is not a court of law, he should stop holding court on the governorship election. He cannot be the plaintiff and judge in a case in which he is an interested party. If he has grievances, the place to go is the electoral tribunal. “Dickson is also not Bayelsa State, and he cannot claim to be voicing the opinion of the people, who have overwhelmingly spoken with their votes against his nearly eight years of misrule and mistreatment. “The people of Bayelsa spoke on November 16 across political boundaries and the message was clear. Dickson must respect the voice of the people.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.