The suit challenging the removal of Elder Simon Achuba as Deputy Governor by the Kogi State House of Assembly has been adjourned to January 15, 2020 for ruling on a motion seeking to join the Clerk of the Assembly as a co-defendant, and for hearing of the originating summons. The matter, which came up on Friday at the Lokoja High Court 4, presided over by Justice Richard Olorunfemi, set January 15 as date to rule on whether the Clerk has locus standi to be joined in the matter and for the commencement of hearing on the originating summons. DAILY POST recalled that Chief Achuba had challenged his impeachment as being illegal. The impeached Deputy Governor sought for the relief of the court to declare his impeachment as illegal and to be reinstated as the rightful deputy governor of the state. In their submissions, Counsel to Elder Simon Achuba, J. S Okutepa, SAN, in a 13-page counter affidavit, submitted that the court should discountenance the application by the Clerk, describing it as a breach of court order. The senior Advocate of Nigeria described the Clerk of the House as an interloper, adding that his application was a waste of the court’s time, geared towards irritating the claimant. Okutepa urged the trial judge to dismiss the application. But reacting, Counsel to the Clerk, Adetunde Oso, seeking to be joined, hinged his application on section 118 subsection 7b and on Section 93, describing the Clerk as the custodian of records of the Assembly. He said his seeking to be a party on the matter would help clear the air on the exhibits submitted by the claimant. Justice Olorunfemi, in his ruling, described the matter as one that is time bound, stressing the he would ensure that the matter is dispensed within the time frame. He then adjourned the matter for ruling on the motion for joinder and hearing of the originating summons on the next adjourned date. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.