The Fiscal Responsibility Commission (FRC) has called on the Federal Government to complete the abandoned Panyam-Bokkos-Wamba road. The FRC also said the road if completed would ease movement of goods and services from Plateau to other parts of the country. The call was made by a Director with the commission, Mr Ibrahim Dauda, in Mangu LGA of the State. Dauda led other staff of the commission to inspects and verify all federal government capital projects. The contract for the construction of the road was awarded in 2009 but was abandoned in 2012. The team leader described the road as key to the growth of agriculture and other economic activities in the area, adding that if completed the road would enable farmers move farms produce to the market with ease. “This road is very important to farmers in Plateau, and if completed it will link the state with other states in the North Central zone and the eastern part of the country. “Plateau people ate predominantly farmers, so, it will ease the suffering of the farmers in moving their produce to the market. “So, we are urging the federal government to complete this road because it will boost agricultural activities which is in line with it’s agenda,” he advised. The Director explained that the monitoring exercise is in tune with the commission’s mandate to verify all capital projects being executed by the federal government in all states of the federation. He added that the exercise is aimed at ensuring accountability and prudent management of resources, to enable government have value for the money being expended on the projects Dauda said after the exercise the commission would submit a comprehensive report to government to enable it complete all abandoned projects for the benefit of the populace. The team was also at the Yakubu Gowon Airport, Hiepang, Barkin Ladi Local Government Area, where it inspected the remodelling of the terminal building and construction of perimeter fencing at the airport. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.