A Socio-Political Group in Ondo State, the Patriotic Builders (PB) on Monday warned Governor Rotimi Akeredolu to be wary of the utterances of his Deputy, Agboola Ajayi. The group, in a statement issued and signed by its Coordinator, Badmus Anifowose, said the governor should not be deceived by the Ajayi’s public display of loyalty. On Sunday, Ajayi denied the rumours making the rounds that he had fallen out with Akeredolu over the 2020 governorship election in the state. Ajayi, who spoke while addressing the people of Apoi in Eseodo Local Government area of the state at the weekend, dismissed alleged plot to dump the All Progressives Congress (APC) to gain the governor or run against him at the primaries. Anifowose alleged that since the inception of this administration in Ondo State, Ajayi has been plotting to oust his boss from the office. He said: “Apart from oiling his structure in his former political party, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Ajayi has also successfully built a structure in APC through some cabinet members that were sacked in the middle of this year by Akeredolu. “Although, the Deputy Governor had always denied nursing a governorship ambition but his political strategic meetings in the State, Abuja and Lagos clearly show that he means business. He should tell the world his deal with the PDP governor of a State in the north about the plot to make him (Ajayi) as the consensus candidate of the PDP in the 2020 governorship election. “Ajayi is a politician, who enjoyed the confidence of his boss but who betrayed the trust. Recently, Ajayi recruited some social media guys led by an Abuja based legal practitioner with the intention of discrediting the political image of his boss. “One of the social media group attacks on Akeredolu was the launch of “WHERE IS AKETI” campaign a few weeks after the Governor returned from his medical trip and decided to rest in Abuja in order for him to recuperate before returning to the state. “As at the time this unfounded story was spreading like wildfire, one would have expected a loyal Deputy Governor to speak out and tell the world that his boss, before leaving the state, followed the due process by officially handing-over to him through a letter he sent to the State Assembly. “Ajayi political’s pretence won’t be tolerated any longer. He should stop pledging loyalty to his boss in every public function. If the Deputy Governor is so loyal to Akeredolu, why is it that it is only his local government, Ese-Odo out of the 18 local governments that is yet to launch the Re-election project of his boss? Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.