The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) said four persons died, while 35 others sustained various degrees of injuries in three different road accidents across Ogun State on Friday. The route Commander, Florence Okpe, confirmed the incident to DAILY POST on Saturday. Okpe explained that 29 male adults and 22 female adults, with six children, were involved in the accidents. She explained that the accidents were due to excessive driving and violation of traffic rules. In a statement, Okpe informed that, “a total of three road traffic crashes were recorded yesterday 27 December 2019 across Ogun State.” According to her, “The first crash occurred at about 0710hrs on the Ore-Ijebu/Ode Expressway after the RCC Construction Company Yard. “A total of 22 persons were involved, comprising 15 Male Adults, four female Adults and three Children. “Number of injured persons were 13 (10 Male Adults and 03 Female Adults). One person was unfortunately killed – a female adult. Three vehicles were involved in the accident. “The suspected cause of the road traffic crash were route violation, excessive speed and dangerous driving on the part of the Honda Pilot SUV driver,who drove against traffic.” Speaking on the second accident, the FRSC spokesman in Ogun said: “The second crash occurred at about 1547hrs on the Ibadan-Lagos Expressway around Lufuape (AP TURNING POINT). “A total of 17 persons were involved, comprising four male adults; 10 female adults and three children. Injured persons were nine ( 06 Female Adults and 03 Male Adults). Unfortunately three deaths were recorded from the crash – two female adults and one female child. The lone crash involved a Toyota Hummer Bus with registration number, KSF272XM.” Speaking further, it was learnt that, “The third crash occurred at about 1750hrs on the Abeokuta-Sagamu Corridor around the Muhammadu Buhari Estate, Abeokuta, involving a Mazda bus with registration number, AAA921XT. “A total of 18 persons were involved in the accident; comprising 10 male adults and eight female adults. “A total of 13 persons sustained injuries but with no death recorded from the crash. “The suspected cause of the road crash was mechanical deficiency (broken properler), which led to loss of control.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.