Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian newspapers 1. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has advised President Muhammadu Buhari and leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to apologize to Nigerians for their “misrule”. The party said they should start getting ready for APC’s fizzling before 2023, instead of begging for a place in history, saying that President Buhari’s plea shows a personal apprehension in confirmation of the failure of his administration and the ruling party. 2. The Sultan of Sokoto, Dr Mohammed Abubakar III, on Friday, said that aside reciting the Quran, working with the Holy book will end corruption in Nigeria. He urged the government to apprehend bad people in the country and deal with them accordingly. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed to Nigerians not to let terrorists divide the country along religious lines. The President said the terrorists have no clearly defined agenda except the pursuit of evil through indiscriminate murder of innocent people, contrary to the teachings of Islam, which prohibits massacre. 4. The Kwara State Government has taken over a piece of land being used by the Saraki’s Family in Ilorin. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Kwara Governor, Rafiu Ajakaiye said on Friday that a new secretariat would be built on the land, adding that the land was originally meant for Government Secretariat and parking space of the Civil Service Clinic, but was unlawfully allocated to a private firm, Asa Investments Limited, without any record of payment to the state government. 5. Organized Labour has said it was ready to go to war with any governor that fails to implement the N30,000 minimum wage by December 31, 2019. The Secretary-General of Trade Union Congress (TUC), Musa-Lawal Ozigi, has now said any governor that fails to implement or show commitment before the Tuesday deadline, would be deemed to have declared war against labour. 6. Fire razed several shops on Friday night in Kaduna State, sending shops owners who are mostly foodstuff traders weeping profusely over the loss. The fire, which started at about 1 am, at Narayi Bus stop area of Kaduna city, according to eyewitness, began from a shop where building materials were stored. 7. Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki, has said the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, is no longer a member of the ruling party. According to Obaseki, President Muhammadu Buhari, had also directed the Edo State chapter of the party to deal with the pro-Oshiomhole Edo Progressive Movement and the former Governor for anti-party activity. 8. Former President, Olusegun Obasanjo, has said Nigeria faces the risk of impending bankruptcy, over the continuous accumulation of debt by the government. According to him, the piling up debts would leave a burden for future generations, who would have to pay such loans. 9. Imo state Governor, Emeka Ihedioha, has signed the N197.6 Billion 2020 Appropriation Bill into Law. In his brief remarks shortly after signing the bill held at the Expanded Executive Council Chambers, Government House, Owerri, Friday, Ihedioha said the 2020 appropriation bill was professionally and painstakingly prepared. 10. Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State, Friday, signed into law the Enugu State 2020 Appropriation Bill. The appropriation bill of a total of ₦169,557,658,300:00 (One hundred and Sixty-nine billion, Five hundred and fifty-seven million, Six hundred and Fifty-eight thousand, three hundred Naira) only made up of a Capital Expenditure budget of₦100,767,658,300.00 i.e. 59% of the total budget and Recurrent Expenditure of ₦ 68,790,000.000 (Sixty-eight billion, Seven hundred and Ninety million naira) only, being 41% of total budget, was passed by the Enugu State House of Assembly on the 24th of December, 2019. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.