The Oyo State government on Sunday said it has arrested no fewer than twenty-five drivers over violation of traffic rules. It announced that it has resolved to prosecute the twenty-five offenders caught driving under the influence of alcohol. Chairman, Oyo State Road Transport Management Authority (OYRTMA), Akin Fagbemi who announced this, posited that the arrest of the drunk-drivers was in tandem with the mandate of the Authority in its continuous bid to curb avoidable road crashes occasioned by the reckless driving culture of drunk drivers of both commercial and private vehicles. He maintained that the State has lately announced its resolve to conduct alcohol breath test on any driver that violates traffic regulations, especially during the ember months, to control the rate of road carnage. Fagbemi said, “Between 2000hours-2300hours of Friday, 27th December 2019 only, we impounded about five trailers and three cars whose drivers were either caught drinking alcohol while driving or driving while already drunk along the Ring-Road, Iwo-Road, Moniya and Ogbomoso axis of the State. “This was made possible with the aid of our modern stop and test alcohol detection device provided by the State Government, let it be known that for several months, we have carried out an extensive campaign against drunk-driving in Oyo State in both virtual, social, print and non-print media channels before the beginning of the ember months and this festive period. “We have warned all drivers within the State, no matter how highly placed to shun the lethal temptation of consuming alcohol and driving, as this had been identified as an act capable of causing fatal road crashes that often times not only affect the drunk drivers but also innocent passengers and other road users particularly children, women and other vulnerable in the society. “It was in lieu of the foregoing that we announced the commencement of our Special Operations ‘Stop and Test’ to ascertain if a driver suspected to be driving against traffic, over-speeding, making illegal U-turn, illegal parking, making phone calls or driving recklessly on the highways was drunk or under the uncontrollable influence of alcohol or its derivatives and close substitutes,” Fagbemi said. He disclosed further that the twenty-five individuals accused of drunk-driving would from Monday 30th December, 2019 be charged to the Mobile Magistrate Court of the State Government for fair hearing and anyone confirmed guilty would be disciplined according to the dictates of the State’s enabling laws and traffic rules. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.