The Kano State Police command on Monday paraded seven suspects, including a security guard over conspiracy and theft of 570 car tyres in the state, just as it nabbed seven suspects for rustling 500 cows. Addressing newsmen while parading 173 suspects of various crimes at the headquarters, the state Commiasioner of Police, Habu Sani explained that the suspects conspired with the security guard to break a warehouse and stole the tyres at Sabon Gari market in the state metropolis. He added that in the course of investigation, 570 tyres, worth N15 million were recovered. Mr Sani also disclosed that seven notorious kidnapping/cattle rustling suspects that terrorize parts of Kano, Kaduna and Katsina States were trailed and arrested with technical support. He added that 4 AK47 rifles, 1 Dane Gun, two pairs of Army Camouflage Uniforms and 500 cows were recovered from them. The CP also stated that 67 thugs, including phone theft suspects had been arrested after Intelligence-led raids were conducted before, during and after the just concluded Maukibi Celebrations, adding all suspects were charged to court for prosecution. “Two suspected Kidnappers; one Aminu Suleiman, 29 years old and Abdulrashid Ishaq, 32 years old all of Tudun Murtala Quarters Kano were trailed and arrested at Kaduna State after Kidnapping an 11 year old at Kwana Hudu Quarters Kano on the 12/11/2019, drugged and buried him alive at an uncompleted building at Wase Village, Minjibir LGA, Kano State. “One Armed Robbery suspect named Hassan Isiyaku ‘m’ 27 years old of Doro Village, Bindawa LGA Katsina State was arrested in possession of Ten (10) Drums of Electric Power Transformer Oil valued One Million Five Hundred Thousand Naira (N1,500,000.00k). Suspect confessed to have participated in the Armed Robbery at Kura LGA Kano State,” The CP stated that all the arrests had been made from December 5 to 23, noting that “the positive impact of Community Policing, sustained synergy with other Critical Security Agencies, Volunteer Security Outfits, evidence-based investigation and Intelligence driven operations as well as the utilization of technology in the execution of our policing mandate.” Items including 5 motor vehicles, 2 motorcycles, 2 187 knives, including 25 were recovered. Others include 154 machetes, 37 pointed rods and 128 clubs were also recovered, including N480, 000. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.