A Rights group, Human, Right, Liberty Access, and Peace Defenders’ Foundation (HURIDE), has urged President Muhammadu Buhari not to plunge Nigeria into dangerous religious war with his new foreign policy of opening Nigerian borders to Africans without visas. The group made the call after its national executive end of the year meeting, expressing shock that President Buhari who few months ago closed border ahead of 2019 Christmas will immediately open it for people from other parts of the continent to troop into. The group urged Buhari to immediately stop the policy, or carry on with it at the risk of being seen as part of his plan to actualise his aborted RUGA policy. A statement by the group, signed by its chairman of Board of Trustees, Dede Uzor Uzor and Chief media officer, Zack Unah read in part, “Federal Government is shooting itself in the leg by allowing border it closed to be reopened for the Fulanis in other parts of Africa to come to take over the land of indigenous population of Nigeria” “These are particularly militants fighting in Mali, Niger, and other parts of Africa that Buhari wants to give free entry into the Nigerian territory. “This is another way to enforce Fulani supremacy in Nigeria and foist war against the Indigenous Peoples of Nigeria.” The group said the recent announcement of the policy by President Buhari has revealed his insincerity in the closure of Nigerian borders. The rights group warned that those Fulanis are members of the disbanded Islamic States, late Mummar Ghaddafi’s foot soldiers and other itinerant gunmen who have been involved in gorilla battle in other parts of Africa. They added that this posed a great danger to the corporate existence of Nigeria and Nigerian Armed Forces which have been fighting against the insurgents in North East and North West. It called on the Federal Government to retrace its step from implementing such a policy, while also calling on the United Nations, the United States of America, the British Government, the European Union among other international groups to prevail on Buhari to drop the policy. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.