Borno State Governor, Babagana Umara Zulum, has presented 2020 budget proposal of N143.5bn to the State House of Assembly. The Governor announced that N67. 5 billion representing 50.3 percent is for recurrent expenditure while N66.9 billion is for capital expenditures. He added that the budget is to be financed from statutory allocation. Presenting the budget proposal at the floor of the State House of Assembly, Governor Zulum said
projects and services related to education have been allocated N23 billion, being the highest in sectoral allocations for the year 2020, with greater emphasis on the Borno State University, BOSU. This is in addition to plans to build seven primary, secondary and higher schools next year. The Governor announced that N19.1 billion was allocated to the ministry of finance which is to fund series of government procurements and N11.6bn for Health & Human service. He explained that N9.2 billion is for reconstruction of communities destroyed by insurgents, N7bn for roads and other infrastructure, while N5.3 billion is for the state assembly’s projects. He added that N4.4 billion is for major housing estates and N4bn for agriculture. Other sectors got lower allocations depending on the budget focus. The governor said, “In the coming financial year, 2020, we will construct (2) new mega schools in Wuyo and Chibok, and (2) technical schools in Mbalala and Bulabulin (Maiduguri). “We will also construct (3) new Higher Islamic Secondary schools in Dikwa, Monguno and Biu local government areas.” Zulum also stated that his administration would, in 2020, rehabilitate and reopen secondary schools currently closed in Monguno, Damasak, Gajiram, Gubio, Dikwa, Ngala, Konduga, Bama and Gwoza towns. The Governor ‎noted that in the 2020 budget proposal, there was a plan to also construct 72 classrooms across the state and rehabilitate 27 blocks of two classrooms. He also disclosed the plans to recruit 1,000 teachers to fill gaps as well as procurement of furniture and instructional materials to be supplied to all renovated schools, assuring that the government would continue the routine school feeding programme across the state. Zulum, in his review of educational projects in the current fiscal year, recalled that 20 primary and post-primary schools were rehabilitated through major transformation works in different parts of the state. The Governor also noted that three new mega schools, each with capacity for 1,200 pupils, were constructed and commissioned within the last six months of his administration. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.