In its efforts to ensure a hitch-free Christmas and new year celebration, the Plateau State Police Command said it has put in place a robust and elaborate security arrangements by deploying 3, 300 personnel for the yuletide. The command also said visibility policing has commenced on the highways in the state and security has been beefed up in relaxation centres; and has advised travellers to use authorised motor parks while boarding vehicles to travel. This was disclosed by the state Commissioner of Police, Isaac Akinmoyede, while briefing journalists at the Command’s headquarters in Jos, the state capital. “Accordingly, conventional policemen and specialised operational units of the command numbering 3, 300 have been deployed to various strategic points within the state with strict instructions to be polite, civil but firm in ensuring effective security and safety of travellers and other road users before during and after the yuletide. “Visibility policing has already been employed on highways and major roads across the state. He added that “Also, police vehicular patrols have been intensified to stem the tide of crime. “Adequate security provisions have been made to cover places of worship and relaxation centres such as wildlife park and museum throughout the festivities”, he maintained. The CP enjoined motorists, commuters and other road users to cooperate with police detachment and personnel deployed on the highways and major roads while discharging their statutory duties. “As part of deliberate efforts to prevent criminal elements from carrying out their nefarious acts which are more prevalent during ember months, the command has intensified the raid of identified criminal hideouts and flashpoints with effect from the month of September 2019 to date. The Command also advised citizens to always leave somebody at home while going out for Church activities or other outings, so as to deter criminals whose stock in trade is to break into people’s houses whenever they are not in. The police boss re-echoed the command’s earlier ban on the use of fireworks, bangers, knockouts, among others. Akinmoyede, however, informed that in 2019 alone, the command arrested 3, 027 persons for different offences; out of which 2, 882 were charged to court, and 2, 114 were convicted; 768 are awaiting trial, while 145 are still under investigation. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.