The Coalition of United Political Parties, CUPP, has said that uncertainty looms in the country in 2020 due to President Muhammadu Buhari’s alleged continuous mismanagement of the economy and unity of the nation The Coalition said that 2020 will be more disastrous unless Buhari’s divisive and incompetence is brought to a stop The political parties, however, added that the choice of success or pain is now in the hands of the citizens CUPP urged Nigerians to stand up against Buhari’s excesses in 2020 or see more killings, poverty and institutionalization of incompetence CUPP, in a statement signed and made available to DAILY POST by its National Publicity Secretary, Imo Ugochinyere, on Tuesday, joined Nigerians in welcoming the New Year 2020, saying that “it is heartwarming that we all made it into the new year despite all the odds associated with 2019, especially in our dear nation, Nigeria.” It added, “It is almost certain that 2020 may be more disastrous for the country except the present administration ends its divisive tendencies and improve on its competence. “The CUPP holds the view that the option to make 2020 prosperous for us all and make Nigeria a better place lies on the hands of every Nigerian citizen. “The sure way of achieving this is to resolve to stand up against the excesses of this administration in 2020. We should be ready to hold this government accountable and force it to do all those things that are good and right for the benefit of this generation and the coming generation. “We must wake this government up from its slumber to its responsibilities of ending unnecessary shedding of blood across the country, poverty, kidnapping and armed robberies among other numerous challenges facing our dear country. “Despite all the bad things staring us in the face however, we urge our compatriots to keep hope alive and resolve to stand for the progress and unity of this country. “May the new year bring with it good tidings for the country. Prayer alone cannot however achieve this. It will take concerted efforts from all of us.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.