Police in Anambra have confirmed the arrest of three people in connection with the recent kidnapping of a staff of Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, Engr Emeka Chiaghana. Chiaghana was kidnapped on 25th November in front of his house in Nibo, Awka South Local Government Area, as he made to drive into his home at about 8:30pm after work. The spokesperson for the Anambra State Police Command, SP Haruna Mohammed while confirming the arrest in a press release said, the force while acting on intelligence arrested the suspects. “On the 19/12/2019 at about 9:45 pm, while acting on a tip-off, the Command Special Anti Robbery Squad in conjunction with Puff-Adder operatives stormed their hideouts in Agulu and following a fierce gun battle arrested the suspects who allegedly perpetrated the Act. “Stanley Ngala ‘m’ aged 20 years of obehe village, Agulu, Onyedika kanu ‘m’ aged 29 years of Ndikelionwu in orumba North LGA and Chiemelie Obi ‘m’ aged 20 years of Amaotutu village Agulu respectively. “Meanwhile, exhibits recovered from the suspects includes one Ak 47 rifle, two locally made pistols, 20 rounds of 7.62mm ammunition, 8 life cartridges, 2 expended life cartridges, 7 assorted phones, one Toyota Camry car used in committing the crime and a laptop belonging to the victim.” Haruna stated that, “two other suspects who escaped most likely with bullet wounds during the gun encounter namely, Abuchi Ngala ‘m’ of Obehe village,Agulu and Izuchukwu Nweke ‘m’ of Isiagu village are still on the run in order to evade arrest and have subsequently been declared wanted by the Police.” He said the case was under investigation after which suspects would be charged to court for prosecution. He added, “The Commissioner of Police CP John B.Abang,fdc enjoins “Ndi Anambra” and residents alike with useful information about their whereabouts to contact the nearest Police Station/formations or call the Police emergency number for prompt action.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.