The Commissioner for Information and Orientation Cross River State, Comrade Asu Okang, has disclosed that criminals from neighbouring states have invaded the state (Cross River). Okang noted that Cross River State is bounded by rivers and so some criminals take advantage of that to kidnap innocent and unsuspecting citizens and use the waterways as their exit route. The Commissioner, who was receiving cadet officers from the Maritime Academy, Oron in Akwa Ibom State in his office said “We also hope that you would come and help us protect our shorelines from vandals and invaders, criminal elements that always take advantage of the sea to perpetrate crime,” he stated. Comrade Okang urged the cadets to contribute positively to the security of Nigeria’s waterways. He commended the soon-to-be graduates for passing through the hurdles of training at the academy. “As young enterprising gallant officers that are being trained at our own neighbouring maritime academy Oron, it is our hope that as you graduate, you will come back and make positive impact in Nigeria’s maritime domain”. The commissioner noted, “As young people, who have under studied the maritime industry, it is our hope that you would bring your wealth of knowledge to bear in the shortest possible time as you leave school and join us in the favour market”. Okang reiterated the open door policy of Governor Ben Ayade led administration, stating, “We love to encourage young people like you, who have shown commitment to serve this nation. “The essence of governance is to give the people access and that is why we listen to young people and try to solve their challenges even if we cannot solve all at once.” Earlier, the leader of the cadet, Lawrence Makama, said the essence of the visit was to appreciate the Cross River Government for support given to young people in the academy. Makama said, “We are final year students of the academy, but in recent times we have seen a lot of young people, who have joined the academy and they informed us of the support given to them by the government. It is a good thing and we appeal that you should continue to do it”. The cadets promised to serve Nigeria to the best of their ability when they graduate in a few months to come. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.