Access More With Stanel Master Class tagged ‘Become More’ held in Awka, the Anambra State capital on Wednesday was a huge success and attended by over ten thousand participants from across the country. In his remarks, Stanel Group Chairman, Dr. Stanley Uzochukwu who was overwhelmed by the overcrowded participants, said that he brought up the programme in partnership with the Access Bank and Anambra State government as well as his personal efforts in bringing all the business leaders in various industries together so as to impact the lives of Nigerian teaming youths for a better future. Declaring the record-breaking event open, Anambra State governor, Chief Willie Obiano, enjoyed the youths to shun drugs, cultism and other social vices saying instead, they should embrace productive ventures like his good friend, Stanley Uzochukwu. The governor also revealed that Anambra State government has allocated another land for Stanel within the state where he was currently building agricultural plant to rear cows for full scale production of milk and beef for both local and export consumption. More inspiring was a brief personal biography shared by the CEO of Innoson Motors, Mr Innocent Chukwuma on how he started as a less privileged illiterate but now has more than seven honorary degrees from different universities, a Chancellor of a university as well as a well-known personality all over the country today. He thanked the convener of the ‘Access More With Stanel Master Class’ and Chairman of Stanel Group, Dr Stanley Uzochukwu for giving him the opportunity to reach out to Nigerian teaming youths in their early age so that they could start early. According to him (Innoson), “My friend and Stanel Boss, Stanly Uzochukwu came to my house for this invitation to be here today but I told him I won’t come. Why I told him I won’t come is that, he came to my house in convoy of about seven exotic cars but none of the cars was Innoson Car. I then said it to his face that if he didn’t buy my car, I won’t come and he called his finance manager to come to my house immediately and right there they made payment for six Innoson motors including G-Wagon and Hilux. That’s why I tried as much as possible to be here today despite my tight schedules”. The guest speaker, Prof Pat Utomi stressed on Nigerian government to provide enabling environment for entrepreneurship development in the country. According to him, “government is the biggest risk of business ventures in Nigeria”, while citing lack of capital project continuation by successive governments as factor. Another speaker, Prof Lilian Orogbu while doing justice to the theme of the event, ‘Become More’ also charged the audience on mentorship saying, “Don’t learn from experience but learn from the experienced”. Other guest speakers include HRH Igwe Alfred Achebe, Managing Director of Access Bank, Herbert Wigwe (ably represented), Chairman of OilServ, Chief Emeka Okwuosa, Chairperson of Brittania-U Nigeria Limited (BUNL) and Brittania-U Ghana Limited (BUGL), Barr. Catherine Uju Ifejika. The event was attended by politicians, business leaders, government functionaries, vendors, artists and Access Bank representatives. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.