The Attorney-General of the Federation, AGF, and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, has directed the Department of State Service, DSS, to hands-off the prosecution of Omoyele Sowore, convener of RevolutionNow Movement. Malami’s directive was contained in a statement by his Media Aide, Umar Gwandu, on Friday. The AGF ordered the DSS to forward the case file in respect of the charge pending against Sowore before the Federal High Court in Abuja, to his office. Ordering the Federal Ministry of Justice to immediately take over the prosecution of all charges against Sowore, in line with the provisions of Sections 150(1) and 174 (1) (a-c) of the 1999 Constitution (as amended), Malami insisted that the Federal Government was committed to respecting the sanctity of the rule of law, protecting the virtues of human rights and ensuring speedy dispensation of justice in the matter. “As part of deliberate efforts to probe emerging issues related to the recent imbroglio related to Omoyele Sowore’s case and for speedy dispensation of justice, the Attorney-General and Minister of Justice has requested that the case file in respect of charge pending before the Federal High Court, Abuja be forwarded to his office”. The request for the transfer of the case to the office of the AGF was contained in a letter dated December 11, 2019, and addressed to the Director-General of the DSS, National Headquarters, Abuja. The Solicitor General of the Federation and the Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Justice, Dayo Apata, SAN, who signed the letter, referred to an initial letter the DSS wrote to the AGF on September 9, 2019. According to the statement, Apata’s letter to the secret service, read: “The Honourable Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice upon a further review of the case has directed the immediate takeover of the prosecution of all charges in respect of Omoyole Sowore by the Federal Ministry of Justice in line with the provisions of Sections 150(1) and 174 (1) (a-c) of the 1999 Constitution (as amended)”. It said the letter requested the DSS DG to “promptly forward all the case files” in respect of Omoyele Sowore to the office of the AGF and Minister of Justice. Sowore and his co-defendant, Olawale Bakare also known as Mandate are facing a seven-count treasonable felony charge. In the charge marked FHC/ ABJ/CR/235/2019, Sowore and Bakare are accused of conspiracy, money laundering, cyber-stalking and insulting President Muhammadu Buhari. Sowore has been in custody of the DSS after he was arrested for calling for a revolution in Nigeria. DSS had, however, failed to release the activist despite court orders that he should be released. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.