The Kano State Government has given the Emir of Kano, Sanusi Lamido two days to officially accept or reject his latest appointment. Sanusi was appointed Chairman of Kano State Council of Emirs by the Governor Abdullahi Ganduje-led state government. Following his appointment, the Emir of Kano was yet to notify the government of his acceptance or rejection. However, the ultimatum was disclosed by Ganduje’s Media Aide, Salihu Tanko Yakasai also known as Dawisu via his Twitter handle. “The Kano State Government has given a 2day ultimatum (from today) to His Highness the Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido, to officially notify the government his acceptance or otherwise, of his appointment as Chairman, Kano State Council of Emirs,” he tweeted. DAILY POST had reported that Sanusi’s appointment was announced amid the face-off between him and Ganduje over the creation of new Kano emirates signed into law last week by Ganduje. There had been speculations that the Emir of Bichi, Aminu Bayero, would be appointed to chair the council. But, in a statement on Sunday by his spokesman, Abba Anwar, Ganduje ordered Sanusi to summon council meeting immediately. The statement reads: “By the powers conferred on the Governor of Kano state, Dr Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, OFR, by Sections 4 (2) (g) and Section 5((1) (2) of the Kano State Emirate Councils Law 2019, he makes the following appointments; that His Highness, Alhaji Muhammadu Sanusi II, Emir of Kano Emirate, as Chairman Kano State Council of Chiefs,” it read. “Among other members of the State Council of Chiefs are all other Four First Class Emirs of Bichi, Rano, Karaye and Gaya, Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero, Alhaji Dr Tafida Abubakar (Autan Bawo), Alhaji Dr Ibrahim Abubakar II and Alhaji Ibrahim Abdulkadir, who are also automatic members of the Council, as enshrined in the State Emirate Council Law. “Also Section 4(2) gives other members as Secretary to the State Government, Commissioner for Local Governments
five (5) Chairmen of Local Government Councils one each from the Local Government Council where the Emir’s palace is situated. “Others according to this Section comprises at least Ten (10) Kingmakers, 2 each from the Five (5) Emirates mentioned under Section 3(1) of the Law, Chief Imam of each Emirate. “Other members include a representative of the Business Community from each Emirate to be appointed by the Governor, as the names of Alhaji Dalhat Al-Hamsad and Alhaji Auwalu Abdullahi Rano are appointed by the Governor, as two of them.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.