The Socialist Party of Nigeria (SPN) has condemned the re-arrest of Sahara Reporters Publisher and Presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC), Omoyele Sowore by gun-wielding men of the Department of State Service (DSS) in a courtroom. DAILY POST gathered that Sowore was re-arrested less than 24 hours after they were released consequent upon the order of the same court after already spending at least 124 days in detention. But, SPN while reacting, demanded the immediate and unconditional release of Omoyele Sowore and Olawale Bakare. The party in a statement signed by its Acting National Chairperson, Comrade Abiodun Bamigboye and National Secretary, Comrade Chinedu Bosah, a copy of which was made available to DAILY POST on Saturday, maintained that Buhari and his political party, APC were transforming into civilian dictatorship. SPN also demanded immediate release of some Nigerians among whom are students, journalists and activists who are being persecuted in their various states. According to SPN, “The implication of all these taken together is that all the minimal democratic rights to freedom of expression and association won since the return to civil rule in 1999 now stands at risk. This is why the labour movement cannot continue to stand arms akimbo. In its struggle for “We also demand release of Agba Jalingo and immediate halt to politically-motivated persecution of activists including the Acting National Chairperson of the Socialist Party of Nigeria (SPN), Comrade Abiodun Bamigboye, as well as 38 workers of the Lagos State Polytechnic (LASPOTECH), 5 unlawfully dismissed leaders of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) Lagos State University (LASU) chapter as well as scores of student activists suspended and expelled from Universities, Polytechnics and Colleges of education for defending the rights to public education. “The re-arrest of Sowore and Bakare which was executed in the manner of gangsters and in a courtroom whose judge had to scamper to safety shows what the Buhari/APC regime is fast becoming – a civilian capitalist dictatorship which when it becomes expedient does not even respect its own hallowed courts and the so-called temple of injustice. The only way to defend democratic rights and defeat a growing dictatorship whether military or the civilian variant is through mass mobilisation of the working people and youth in mass struggle. “We, therefore, call for an urgent meeting of the NLC, TUC, ULC, civil society organizations, professional groups like the NBA, NUJ as well as pro-working class organizations like JAF, SPN, DSM and others to immediately map out a programme of action to begin to challenge the regime and fight for the unconditional release of Sowore, Bakare and all politically-detained persons. Apart from Omoyele Sowore and Olawale Bakare, there are many others, including journalists, students and activists, who have been arrested or still being detained on trumped-up charges since the advent of this administration. “For instance, a student of Bayero University Kano (Kano) was recently arrested and detained in prison for writing a Facebook post critical of a lawmaker. Another journalist, Agba Jalingo is still being detained for writing news articles critical of the Cross River State governor, Ben Ayade while, in Ibadan Oyo State, Comrade Abiodun Bamigboye, the Acting National Chairperson of the Socialist Party of Nigeria (SPN) is still being persecuted by the Nigerian police and the Sumal Food Ltd for standing in defense of the rights of casual workers of the company who embarked on strike action to demand improved pay and working conditions. This is aside from several students, University and Polytechnic workers who have been sacked, suspended or expelled for defending their rights, young Nigerians daily subjected to police brutality and several students and workers unions that have been banned by the regime and its lickspittles acting as Vice-Chancellors, Rectors and Provosts. “The implication of all these taken together is that all the minimal democratic rights to freedom of expression and association won since the return to civil rule in 1999 now stands at risk. This is why the labour movement cannot continue to stand arms akimbo. In its struggle for emancipation from the shackles of capitalism and imperialism, the working class has to defend the limited democratic rights won during past periods while striving to advance the movement towards a revolutionary transformation of society along socialist lines. “Sowore was arrested for calling for revolution. As far as we are concerned in the Socialist Party of Nigeria (SPN), revolution is not a crime but a duty and obligation in an inequitable capitalist society where a few are stupendously rich at the expense of the mass majority. The consistent and courageous campaign for Sowore’s release which has so far lasted over 100 days itself shows that no matter how hard it tries, so far it continues to implement anti-poor capitalist policies that increase the mass poverty of the majority while fattening the few rich, the Buhari government will no doubt be confronted by the mass of the working people when they eventually arise. “Indeed such a movement if led by militant and class-conscious leaders can, following the examples of mass movements worldwide and given the mass anger in the country raging beneath the veneer of calm, overcome the bounds of limited economic demands which can be appeased by concessions and become a mass offensive for revolutionary change in the way society is run. The reason for this increasing repression is that the Buhari regime fears that disappointment with its rule and mounting misery will lead to mass movements in Nigeria similar to those we are seeing in Chile, Iraq, Lebanon, Hong Kong and elsewhere. “Mass action is vital, but the programmes upon which this struggle unfolds will be vital in ensuring that this actually leads, not to a mere change of guards with one corrupt government replacing another, but to a revolutionary overthrow of capitalism and the enthronement of a workers and poor people’s government armed with socialist policies. A factor in this process is the building of mass workers party with Socialist programmes which the SPN potentially represent at the moment”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.