The suspension of Turkish Airlines from the Nigerian air space for disrespecting Nigerians has received commendation from the Director-General of National Council for Arts and Culture(NCAC), Otunba Segun Runsewe. He described the Nigeria Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) intervention as bold and courageous, adding that time has come for all foreign airlines and other service providers in Nigeria to respect and treat Nigerians decently. The DG disclosed this in a statement released on Sunday. Recall that, last week, NCAA after several complaints from Nigerians travelling with the airline, rolled out the hammer to suspend Turkish air for not flying with their luggage, thus infringing on the rights of Nigerian passengers who patronise the airline. Otunba Runsewe said the strong statements and punitive measures as rolled out by NCAA would serve as a deterrent to other airlines operating in Nigeria who only believes that Nigerian money is their prime focus and not service to the people. “I wish to align myself with this courageous and bold statement by NCAA suspending Turkish airline from flying into Nigeria and pray that other arms of government with oversight functions over foreign service institutions and operators, would boldly come out to protect Nigerians from foreign organisations which treat us like slaves”. Otunba Runsewe further stated that his agency will collaborate with other federal government institutions in Nigeria to ensure that Nigerians are protected and the culture of the people respected. He added that his eyes would be focused on another foreign airline which the supreme court of Nigeria recently found guilty of deboarding a Nigerian student and to which the court ruled that the aircraft of that airline must be impounded if they disregard to pay relevant fines to the students and his family. ” As much as we want to see foreigners do business in Nigeria, it must be done within the ambience of law and the international best practices. I find it very sad and disturbing that most of these foreign operators would obey the laws of their lands but will come to Nigeria to take advantage of our people, so I think that time has come for us to demand that the laws of Nigeria be respected and our people given the utmost respect from the operators of these foreign airlines. Otunba Runsewe who is also the President African Region for the World Craft Council (WCC) further called for a speedy restoration and come back of Nigeria’s national airline in other to arrest this uncomplimentary attitude to Nigerians. He called on Nigerians to be bold to report any un-seeming attitude and lack of courtesy from any international airline operator to relevant authorities. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.