President Muhammadu Buhari’s Personal Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie, has denied the invasion of a Federal High Court in Abuja by armed officials of the DSS. DAILY POST had reported that DSS operatives on Friday chased out lawyers from the courtroom and attacked journalists after which they re-arrested Sowore. Following the invasion of the courtroom, the trial judge, Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu adjourned the matter till February 11, 12 and 13 for definite hearing. This is coming less than a day after Sowore was released by the DSS after an Abuja Federal High Court ordered for his release within 24 hours. Reacting, Onochie on her Twitter page stated that the drama at the court was staged by Sowore’s supporters to make the DSS look bad. According to her, “the DSS didn’t enter the court room to arrest him rather his supporters dragged him in with the DSS official.” She wrote, “Who Drama help? Every lie will expire, court room drama explained. So it was a stage managed drama in the court yesterday; Sowore pinned down by his supporters in a courtroom in order to give DSS a bad name. “There was no gun. No batton. No pinning down. Just plain drama, planned and staged by his boys and girls. Kudos, but every lie has an expiration date. “Many EYEWITNESSES have said DSS was OUTSIDE the courtroom, not inside the courtroom. Here’s one more eyewitness account as reported by Adeniyi Adegbomire SAN. “A friend of mine, Wale Fapohunda, who was in court today when Sowore’s re-arrest was purportedly effected inside the courtroom has this to say about the incident: “Okay, so I was in court today and here is what happened. The court had adjourned his matter till 11th Feb next year. The court called the next matter and proceeding had commenced in respect of the next matter.Sowore stepped OUT OF THE COURT ROOM and suddenly we heard noises coming from the corridor “leave me alone” “they want to kill me” “they want to kill Sowore” and all that. “Suddenly Sowore’s people started dragging him with the DSS and they (Sowores team) dragged him into the court room. The judge seeing this, rose and went to her chambers. “The DSS didn’t enter the court room to arrest him rather his supporters dragged him in with the DSS official. Nobody chased the judge out, she rose and went to her chambers on seeing squabbles. The DSS official left the court room and waited for him outside the court. Thank you all. Behold my eye witness account. “Blackmailing government enforcement agencies was how our nation went into decay. It wont work this time. NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW. It appears everyone in that drama was part of the drama club. They harassed a Court officer who wanted them out as they were disrupting another court case. A Lawyer who looked bemused with the whole drama was lost for words. “Drama has not helped Dino Melaye. It has not helped Olisa Metuh. Drama has not helped Orji Uzo Kalu. “Drama will not help Sowore because Once you dramatise a lie to the members of the public to attract sympathy, you lose all of that sympathy when they find out you have misled them. “I’m also of the opinion that the police look into these videos, (I have watched four) and charge those who deliberately misled the general public on this issue.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.