Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers abducted five people in Kaduna, the State Police Command has said. The State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Yakubu Abubakar Sabo in a statement in Kaduna Thursday said, “On 19th December 2019, the Kaduna State Police Command has received information of two separate unfortunate incidents of kidnapping through DPO Buruku and Sabon Tasha respectively. “On 18th December 2019 at about 1430hours unknown gunmen in Military uniform intercepted a commuting vehicle along Birnin Gwari Road by unguwan Yako and consequently Kidnapped two (2) occupants to unknown destination. The victims were identified as Alhaji Yahaya Yusuf Abubakar Sarkin Kudu the district head of Birnin Gwari and Alhaji Ibrahim Musa former education secretary of Birnin Gwari local government area. “Similar, unfortunate incident of kidnapping was recorded at Sabon Tasha In Chikun local government area where three (3) persons namely; Jonathan Obi, Joakin Obi and Benjamin Obi all of the same address were kidnapped around 0200hours of today by suspected hoodlums to an unknown destination.” The statement explained that on receipt of the information, Police Operatives from the Anti Kidnapping, SARS and the IRT were immediately drafted to the two areas. “The entire bush around the two areas have been thoroughly combed with a view to rescuing the victims and apprehending the culprits to face justice,” the statement explained. The Command expressed its dismay over the unfortunate incidents and said it is doing everything possible to apprehend the culprits and rescue the victims unhurt. The Commissioner of Police, CP Ali Aji Janga called on the general public not to be deterred by these incidents as the Command is already on top of the situation to ensure that the victims are safely rescued and ensure that the yuletide season is peacefully celebrated without apprehension. He equally solicits for support and understanding of the people, particularly at a time like this. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.