The Zamfara state government has resolved to prosecute any one involved in any unlawful gathering in the state, saying that it may create another tension in the state. This came on the heels of a public protest in Shinkafi Local Government area of the state, where a group of youths that some politicians have doled out huge amount of money to some unscrupulous elements to invoke the alleged dead banditry in the state. In a press briefing by the commissioner of Security and Home affairs, Hon. Abubakar Dauran said the protest had been scheduled to take place in the 14 Local Government areas of the state, stressing that it was foiled but took place in Shinkafi Local Government area alone. According to him, the insecurity situation in the state started in the early days of Alhaji Abdulaziz Yari’s government which he described as an unfortunate regime, pointing out that the immediate past governor treated the unfortunate development with a mere wave of hand. He noted that if the then governor had handled the ugly development with seriousness and commitment the terror attacks and notorious kidnapping would not have escalated to such an extent that the state is now seen as the colony of bandits and terrorists. “I am telling you with all sincerity that this administration has recovered over 1000 arms and ammunition including AK47 rifles and rescued over 3000 kidnapped victims in the system,” he said. Continuing, Dauran explained that the state government was still investigating person behind the dastardly activities of bringing ammunition into the state, stressing that any one found wanting would not be spared. ” When this administration came on board, we went to the den and hideout of the bandits and met a woman with a new born baby. When interviewed, the woman said she was kidnapped when she was pregnant and that she delivered her baby in the bandits hideout ” he commissioner said. “There was no medication, no good food, no water for the woman and she was in serious pain and we rescued her and her baby” According to him, there would be a meeting between the leaders of the bandits in Shinkafi Local Government area and the state government. He explained that the bandits would be given enough time to voice out their grievances. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.