The Save Humanity Advocacy Centre, SHAC, has reacted to the recent killing of United Nations, UN, aid workers by members of the Boko Haram sect in Borno State. The ISWAP faction of Boko Haram on Friday shared a gory video recording that detailed the execution of four out of the five abductees that remained in their captivity. The four slain aid workers who were abducted on July 18 were staff of the Action Against Hunger (AAH). The murder of the four aid workers has brought the number of the abducted humanitarian workers slain by Boko Haram to five this year. Reacting to the development, SHAC said it is high time that the world sanction France, other terrorists’ promoters for crimes against humanity. Addressing newsmen on Monday, Ibrahim Abubakar, Executive Director of the group, called on the international community to speak with one voice against those promoting terror in Nigeria and other parts of Africa. Abubakar also called on the Nigerian Military to scale up efforts to trace and free the fifth aid worker, Grace Taku, a female, whom the terrorists have reportedly consigned to a live of slavery. “The world has again been made aware, through media reports, of Boko Haram killing of four staffers of Action Against Hunger (AAH), whom they have held captive since July 19, 2019 after they were abducted from their vehicles in the course of carrying out humanitarian work in the northeast of Nigeria. “The killing of the aid workers is condemnable, utterly uncalled for and deserving of the stiffest retribution possible from the Nigerian state and all nations on earth that truly call themselves Nigeria’s friend. Barbarism of this magnitude call for the shedding of diplomatic pretexts as it should be met with the kind of response that will remind the terrorists that humanity is not to be toyed with on the scale on which they have done. “We condemn this act of cowardice as a dastardly evil against humanity that should not have happened if the international interests propping up Boko Haram had taken the sensible step of discontinuing criminal support to the bloodthirsty monsters that they have created to torment innocent civilians,” he said. Abubakar stated that Boko Haram and its Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP) iteration have recorded successive heavy losses from the Nigerian Armed Forces, adding that the reported escalation of French subversive activities in the region, including clandestine delivery of logistics to the terrorists, has given them the boldness to kill captives that they had held before France decided to strengthen their hands. “The blood of the four aid workers is therefore as much on the hands of Boko Haram/ISWAP as it is on the hands of the French government and that country’s nationals, who continue to aim for the comfortable life at the expense of human loss in the Lake Chad Basin. The world must rise up in unison against these terrorists and hold their French paymasters to account. “Time is running out for the world to speak with one voice against those promoting terror in Nigeria and other parts of Africa. If a bold statement is not made by the world at this time, then the whole of humanity would be put at risk because the twisted minds of these killers and their global sponsors have been perverted to a point where reason fail them. They must therefore be told in the clearest terms yet that enough is enough. The killing of the aid workers should be treated as a red line that has been crossed for which there must be repercussions. “As for NGOs and organizations that give covert support to Boko Haram, the murder of these aid workers is a wake-up call for them to retrace their steps because a group of terrorists that kill their colleagues do not deserve any form of support irrespective how morbidly such NGOs may detest the military.” he stated. “In the meantime, we urge the Nigerian Military to scale up efforts to trace and free the fifth aid worker, Grace Taku, a female, whom the terrorists have reportedly consigned to a live of slavery. She remains the one ray of hope that the authorities will always go after those that threaten the wellbeing of citizens.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.