Mixed reactions have trailed the re-arrest of Omoyele Sowore, convener of RevolutionNow Movement by the operatives of the Department of State Services, DSS on Friday. DAILY POST had reported that DSS operatives on Friday chased out lawyers from the courtroom and attacked journalists after which they re-arrested Sowore. Following the invasion of the courtroom, the trial judge, Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu adjourned the matter till February 11, 12 and 13 for definite hearing. They had earlier attempted to re-arrest Sowore but were prevented by those around. This is coming less than a day after he was released by the DSS after an Abuja Federal High Court ordered for his release within 24 hours. Reacting, Nigerians while condemning the action of the DSS, described the development as an ‘attack on the freedom and dignity of Nigerian citizens. Here are some comments DAILY POST gathered on Twitter; @JajaPhD, ”Sowore would have been treated with respect and decency if he were the leader of Boko Haram or some other mass-murderous group of bandits.” @SirLeoBDasilva, ”EFCC ran hard PR for Naira Marley, now DSS is running hard PR for Sowore. It’s only a matter of time before Nigerians pay attention to everything Sowore says.We don’t know how to handle cases in this country.” @Chydee, ”You are not safe in Nigeria. All our institutions are in full control of the executive. You are not safe. If someone like Sowore who is in the public eye, runs a media house and is being represented by Femi Falana can be treated this way, YOU ARE NOT SAFE.” @Omojuwa, ”Forget your political affiliation, what happened to Sowore today is an attack on your freedom and dignity as a Nigerian citizen. It should never happen. It is a disgrace on the Nigerian government and it should never be allowed to stand! #FreeSoworeNow #FreeSoworeAlready.” @OgbeniDipo, ”A Lawyer hit Sowore’s head in this video. Imagine a Lawyer doing that inside the court of law? I hope someone else took a picture or a video. I hope the Charge and Bail Nuisance is found and made to explain why he hit Sowore.” @Osi_Suave, ”Institutions are the foundation upon which a society is built.There is a valid court order respect it. The show of shame by the DSS today over the sowore saga is disgusting and has no place in any working country.” @OgbeniDipo, ”I suspected yesterday that the SSS will try to re-arrest Sowore but I didn’t know they were going to be that unfortunate and do it. It’s a shame on a government that goes around the world claiming to fight impunity.” DeLordEmperor, ”Don’t be angry with DSS. Their job is to obey orders. So don’t think for a second that their illegal act of rearresting Sowore did not come from Buhari and Osinbajo. DSS won’t dare disobey Court order right inside a Courtroom if their bosses didn’t tell them to do so. @frediecruze, ”The Government is more concerned about suppressing the masses, more than BH, Marauding Herdsmen, ISWAB, Bandits and Kidnappers.
Tell me any one of the above arrested and treated like they did Sowore today?” @DuruchibuzorE, ”On the Sowore’s abduction by the DSS, not unexpected. desperate dictators don’t give up easily. It’s just a shame on us all, if we can’t stand up to this evil tyrant.” @TURBHASKEY, ”Honestly I’m sensing a take over by the Military in this Country, power may return back to Military. I know many will say it is impossible. Anything is possible in Nigeria.” @zuby___g, ”At this stage. The Sowore situation is way beyond the court jurisdiction. Time to tell this old lads that we (Nigerians) are the law. Say no to Tyranny government.” @Abiodunking7, ”We did not come to this life at the wrong time,we just come to the wrong country.I feel sorry to Nigeria, I saw the Video of #Sowore and it broke my heart.Nigeria is gone.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.