The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), the Independent Corrupt Practices Commission (ICPC), have been asked to probe the activities of the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFUND) over alleged financial mismanagement. This came following the recent revelation by the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), that the agency received N993.3billion from the Federation Account between 2012 and 2016 but “does not have a comprehensive accounting and operational manual.” DAILY POST observed that TETFUND is an educational fund established with the mandate to administer the two per cent education tax imposed on profit-making taxable companies registered and doing business in Nigeria. A Board of Trustees, BoT, constituted to manage the Fund was charged with the responsibility of utilizing the oil and gas and non-oil and gas revenues from companies to rehabilitate, develop and improve the quality of tertiary education in the country. National Anti-Corruption Ambassadors of Nigeria (NACAN), which made the call on Monday, lamented that ninety percentage of TETFUND’s projects were neither publicly advertised in National Tenders journal or any known newspaper where reputable companies would see and bid for them rather. The group said it has sufficient evidence that at TETFUND under the leadership of Prof Elias Suleiman Bogoro, the Executive Secretary, award of contracts is no longer on the basis of performance or competence but strictly driven by “an insatiable, inordinate plot to receive kickbacks.” Recall that the Nigerian government had in January 2019, sacked Abdullahi Bichi Baffa as the agency’s Executive Secretary and reinstated Suleiman Bogoro, who was dismissed in 2016. Comrade Macjohnson Chikone Coordinator of NACAN, while addressing a press conference on Monday, said if the presidency is sincere with its war against corruption; it should beam its searchlight on the TETFUND to purge it of “stinking corruption.” His statement read below.
“President Muhammadu Buhari’s firm stand against corruption has remained confrontational since assumption of office and while this may have accounted for the brewing sanity creeping back into public service, the running of affairs at the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFUND) has greatly negated the anti-corruption crusade of the President. “Prof Elias Suleiman Bogoro, the Executive Secretary of the scheme, whose stay at TETFund has largely remained a subject of public concern with many ascribing to him the status was suspended from office for two years before a presidential consideration of pity was accorded him and he was consequently reinstated. “Amidst these events that have underscored his gross ineptitude beyond shadows of doubt. “Bogoro’ management style is completely absent of penitence from his inordinate known ways as TETfund is currently immersed in acute corruption. “It is not only sardonic but conscience-irritating as we have it on good authority that, ninety percentage of TETFUND’s projects are neither publicly advertised in National Tenders journal or any known newspaper where reputable companies would see and bid for them rather they are advertised in his local Notice board at TETFUND headquarters hence allowing him patronage his unqualified vendors and contractors. “This is unarguably a step towards corrupt practices where such contracts would end in the hands of unqualified friends, incompetent relations and cronies. “Sufficient evidence abound to substantiate the fact that, at TETFund now, award of contracts is no longer on the basis of performance or competence but strictly driven by an insatiable, inordinate plot to receive kickbacks. “This is a complete affront to the Presidential struggle to eradicating poor performance in public service. A man like Bogoro, from a cross-examination of his style, has little or nothing to offer in a government that abhors corruption. “The Presidency, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), the Independent Corrupt Practices Commission (ICPC), the Bureau of Public Procurement (BPP), the Federal Ministry of Education and all other relevant authorities ought to know about the condemnable ways of Mr. Bogoro. “They are similarly enjoined to take the steps as may be necessary to probe into these worrisome signs which have a litany of evidence that may be readily availed upon demand. TETFund must not be slaughtered on the altar of gross ineptitude.” Meanwhile, a text message sent to TETFUND spokesperson, Gbenga Arolasafe, for reaction was not responded at the time of this report. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.