Magnus Abe, has lambasted Chukwuemeka Eze, whom he called “a publicist for the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi and self-acclaimed chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC)”, for making allegations against him over commissioners appointed by Rivers Governor, Nyesom Wike. Abe, in a statement on Saturday by his spokesperson, Parry Saroh Benson, said Eze promotes lies, designed to promote hate and bitterness in the APC. Senator Abe stated that to the best of his knowledge no member of the APC was nominated into Wike’s cabinet. He said Eze’s lies were sorely to deceive innocent Nigerians as Rivers people and please his paymasters. Abe said: “Firstly, whose interest is Eze promoting at this point? Secondly, what exactly is his stake in Rivers APC? Thirdly, is Eze in any way affected by whatever befalls our State? He is not an indigene, neither is he resident in Rivers State. “A neighbour who continually brings petrol to pour on his neighbours burning house cannot be a good neighbour. “It is time for Rivers APC members across every divide to disown Eze and his antics. A friend who is only happy when you are miserable: Who can only prosper when your house is in disarray cannot be a good friend. “Eze is clearly a conflict entrepreneur who is profiting from the crisis in the APC in Rivers State. “If at this stage in our situation, Eze can for whatever reason publicly call on the NWC of our party to ignore the urgent need to reposition the APC in Rivers State: We all must be wary of him”. “He seems particularly offended by Senator Abe’s public acknowledgement and commendation of Governor Wike’s olive branch to the opposition in Rivers State. The former lawmaker recalled his comments that: “If Governor Wike who had been our opponent for several years could join other Rivers men and women across every divide to pay last respects to the late wife of a leader of the APC whose sacrifice and contribution to the APC in Rivers State is not in doubt, while Eze’s only response to the event is another statement against Senator Abe, without a thought to the pain and loss of a Rivers woman, whose husband contributed so much to the party, is that not enough proof that the senator’s comments were factual, truthful and in good faith? The statement added: “As it is today, there is enough hatred, bitterness, and division in the APC in Rivers State. Eze and his paymasters have already achieved their objectives; all right-thinking members of the party should understand that Eze’s services are no longer required. “We must find healing and move forward for the sake of Rivers State”, it concluded. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.