A coalition of Kano Civil Society Groups numbering about 35 have urged Governor Umar Abdullahi Ganduje to give an ultimatum to Emir Muhammadu Sanusi ii, to submit himself to government and its wishes. The group has also advised that the emir be deposed if he fails to abide by the ultimatum. The group known as Umbrella of Kano Concerned Civil Society Groups urged the Emir in a communiqué to submit himself to the authority of the State, to end the current destruction and generation of controversy in the state. ‘‘The Emir of Kano shall submit himself to the authority of the State as this will stop the current destruction and generation of controversy “. The communiqué read In the words of the Group Chairman, Comrade Ibrahim Ali, ” if the Emir Muhammadu Sanusi ii fails to submit to the authority of the government of Kano State, we call on the governor in the strongest terms to act strictly in accordance with the provision of Kano Emirate Council Law 2019″. The law according to the group provides that disloyalty of any sort from an Emir results in dethronement, “and the Emir Muhammadu Sanusi should not be seen in violation of any laws”, they insisted. They argued that the actions of Emir Muhammadu Sanusi in undermining the authority of the Kano State government and its organs is not only unconstitutional but a deliberate effort to create a State within a State which no Responsible Leadership will tolerate and allow to remain unabated. “And the so-called elders making reference to 1000 years old heritage are completely derailing from reality because letters and spirits of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended provides that all authorities draw their legitimacy from the constitution as such the enacted law of Kano Emirate Council 2019 remains the only legal support of Kano Emirate without which its existence is unconstitutional by the provision of the Constitution “. In the same vein, the group accused Governor Umar Abdullahi Ganduje of falling short of his responsibilities of upholding and defending the constituted authority of his powers as governor of Kano state by allowing the Emir to continue to undermine his authority as a Governor. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.