The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Tuesday, called on security agencies to question leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC), following emerging revelations that certain APC leaders were behind the gruesome killings and bloody violence that marred the November 16 governorship and senatorial elections in Bayelsa and Kogi States. PDP’s demand came on the heels of shocking attempts by the APC to “dismiss nationwide calls for electoral reforms, with allusions by its spokesperson, Lanre Issa-Onilu, that no “amount of reform” can help PDP’s outcry and demand for violence-free election in Nigeria.” In a statement by its spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan, PDP said: “By gloating and interpreting national and international concerns over bloodletting and violence in our elections as PDP’s “malady”, the APC has further confirmed apprehensions that it is the mastermind of the
horrific violence and forceful invasion of polling units to aid their rigging plots. “Our party invites Nigerians to note that only a mastermind and beneficiary of a crime would seek ways of dismissing, covering or diverting attention from the crime. “By its statement, the APC has confirmed that it is indeed a soulless mob, a marauder and murderous pillager, which has no iota of regard for the life of Nigerians; thriving only on violence, knowing that there is
no way it can win in a free, fair and credible election. “It is now no longer strange that APC leaders have been trying every means to frustrate investigations into the bloody brigandage the agents of the APC unleashed in the elections, in which about 10 Nigerians were
reportedly beheaded in Bayelsa while over 22 others were felled in Kogi, including an innocent mother, Mrs. Salome Abuh, who was burnt alive in her home by APC agents. “It is also no longer strange that in spite of the condemnation of the brutal murder of Mrs. Salome Abuh and calls for arrest of the culprits by Nigerians and the international community, the perpetrators are being
shielded by the APC. “Nigerians now have more insight into why persons, who were claimed to have been arrested by security agencies in connection with the crime, have neither been paraded nor arraigned before any court of competent jurisdiction. “While Nigerians are still mourning the gruesome killings of compatriots in the two states, the APC leaders are dancing naked on the graves of the victims by trying to divert public attention from the crime while giving official cover to arsonist and murderers who the APC deployed to kill voters, snatch and stuff ballot boxes. “By APC comments against genuine effort to end electoral violence in our country, it is clear that certain APC leaders indeed need to come clean
on their roles in plotting and executing of violence in the elections. “On our part, the PDP remains a law-abiding party committed to the wellbeing of Nigerians and will continue to support all genuine efforts by stakeholders to end electoral violence as well as bring perpetrators
to book.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.