A member of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) , Mr.Sani Yahaya, has been arrested for allegedly having a carnal knowledge of a seven-year-old girl. The corps member was apprehended by his colleagues after a complaint was lodged against him by the family of the girl, who reported the matter at the NSCDC office in Gusau, Zamfara state capital. According to the father of the little girl, the NSCDC official lured his daughter with fruits into a vacant house at Samaru area, Gusau where Yahaya was posted as a security guard and allegedly defiled the girl. “Our daughter was sent on an errand by her mother close to the house where the Yahaya was posted to,” he said. “As she was passing along the road, he asked her to come into the house to collect fruits. That was how he got the girl and forcefully defiled her,” the father lamented. Continuing, the father said that the girl was crying bitterly in the house which attracted the attention of passersby who immediately barged into the room to know what was happening. He explained that immediately he got the information that his daughter was raped, he reported the case at the headquarters of the NSCDC and Yahaya was immediately arrested by his colleagues with arms. When contacted, the public Relation officer of the command in the state, Mr Aminu Maru, confirmed Yahaha’s arrest and said that investigation was still ongoing. He said, “The corps member is still in our custody. The father of the girl reported the case at the command’s headquarters through the Intelligence and Investigation Department, complaining against one of our staff members, Sani Yahaya on alleged rape. “While investigating the issue, the suspect said he did not have the carnal knowledge of the girl, confirming, however, that he grabbed her into a room where he gave her two nuts of umbrella tree.” The NSCDC spokesman said that the suspect made a confessional statement saying that after dragging her into the room, he started to have romance with the girl and also confessed that he reached climax while romancing with the girl but did not penetrate into her private part. ￼The NSCDC public Relation officer noted that the suspect would be arraigned to a court of competent jurisdiction if the doctor confirms that the girl was actually raped and defiled. He wondered why a man in custody of the law would be misconducting himself in such a manner, stressing that the action was very disheartening and an embarrassment to the NSCDC as a whole. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.