Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The All Progressives Congress, APC, candidate in the Kogi West senatorial election, Smart Adeyemi has been declared winner of the polls. The Returning Officer for the election, Olayinde Lawal, declared that the APC candidate got 88,373 votes to defeat Dino Melaye of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), his closest challenger, who polled 62,133 votes. 2. The Kogi State Resident Electoral Commissioner, Professor James Apam, has blamed the low turnout of voters in the Saturday’s Kogi West senatorial district rerun on poor mobilisation by political parties. Apam said that instead of the political parties to embark on membership drive aimed at convincing their supporters on the need to come out and vote for them, they turned around to blame the Independent National Electoral Commission for poor turnout of voters. 3. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has interrogated the Chief Executive Officer of Air Peace, Mr. Allen Ifechukwu Onyema, over the alleged $44.9 million wire deals. The questioning was part of our ongoing collaboration with the FBI and other agencies in line with the Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty (MLAT) between Nigeria and the United States. 4. The Adamawa Police Command has confirmed the rescue of DSP Ahijo Mujeli, DPO of Mubi Division, who was kidnapped a fortnight ago by unknown persons. DSP Sulaiman Nguroje, the Command’s Spokesman, explained that Muhammad was rescued on Saturday evening by Police Operation Puff Ader/Operation Farauta in Mubi. 5. A Professor of Fine Arts based in United States of America has been kidnapped in Calabar, the Cross River State capital. Ukpong was kidnapped in his family compound at No 9 Mbukpa Street on Thursday night when he came back from an outing. 6. Operatives of the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), Border Control at Kongolam, Katsina State, have apprehended 28 persons on the verge of being smuggled out of the country. NIS Public Relations Officer, Mr Sunday James, who disclosed this in a statement on Saturday, in Abuja, said 19 females and nine males were now in the custody of NIS. James said they were apprehended when they attempted to cross the Kongolam border heading to Niger Republic, in company of the human smugglers under the pretext that they were going to Agadez, in Niger Republic, to take up jobs. 7. The Lagos Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) on Saturday, said a tanker loaded with 33,000 litres of petrol with registration number KJA-900XR, on Saturday burnt fire on the Otedola Bridge. The Public Affairs Officer of LASEMA, Mr. Nusa Okunbor, who made the disclosure in a statement in Lagos, said an investigation revealed that the tanker experienced burst tyres while in motion. 8. Alhaji Ahmadu Dahiru, Chairman, Transition Administration, Mubi South Local Government of Adamawa State, on Saturday, said suspected kidnappers had killed two policemen and abducted seven people in the area along Mubi – Gyela road. He said that the kidnappers were hiding on top of some hills along Nigeria – Cameroon border. 9. The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) has confirmed the death of two people in a gas explosion, which occurred on Thursday. The Director-General (D-G) of LASEMA, Dr Olufemi Oke-Osanyintolu, who made the disclosure, added that 23 others who were seriously injured were rescued from the explosion that occurred at Adule Street, Off Ojo Road, in Ajegunle area near Apapa, in Lagos State. 10. The Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA) has condemned the continual attacks on its officers while carrying out their official duty. The General Manager of LASTMA, Mr Olajide Oduyoye decried the Friday attack on the authority’s personnel in a statement by LASTMA’s Spokesman, Mr Olumide Filade, on Saturday in Lagos. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.