Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Human rights lawyer, Femi Falana, has tackled the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF), Abubakar Malami (SAN), for the Federal Government’s disregard to court orders and rule of law. According to Falana, if Buhari could listen to the advice of the then Attorney General of the Federation, the late Chike Offodile (SAN), he would not have disagreed with Malami. 2. The Governorship candidate of the Action Alliance (AA) in Imo State during the last general elections, Uche Nwosu, and his supporters have returned to the All Progressives Congress (APC). Nwosu, who left the APC after failing to obtain the party’s sole ticket for the election, maintained that the Supreme Court, which voided his petition for double nomination, has actually affirmed that he is still a member of the APC. 3. Former Senator who represented Kaduna Central in the eight assembly, Shehu Sani has said that, Nigerians will suffer more under President Muhammadu Buhari led government in 2020 and beyond. He stated categorically that the hardship Nigerians are presently experiencing, is a joke compared to what would be happening in the coming year and beyond. 4. Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State has approved a minor cabinet reshuffle, appointment and promotions with immediate effect. A statement by his Media Assistant, Mr Francis Nwaze, said Mrs Ann Aligwe Special Assistant (SA) on Small and Medium Enterprise (SME), has been promoted to Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Human Capital Development and Monitoring, while the Special Assistant (SA) on Street Light, Mr Joseph Uguru, was recalled and posted as Special Assistant on Human Capital Development, while the Special Assistant on Ease of Doing Business, Chief Collins Agbo, is now under Ministry of Business Development. 5. The National Christian Elders Forum, NCEF, has reminded President Muhammadu Buhari to stand by his words that the Islamic terrorists are godless, callous gangs of mass murderers by reorganizing the National Security Units to comply with the Federal Character Principle in Section 14(3) of the 1999 Constitution. NCEF noted that President Buhari should be held responsible for the audacity, expansion, and unbridled atrocities of ISWAP, Boko Haram and Fulani herdsmen in Nigeria. 6. The governor of Ebonyi state Chief David Umahi at the weekend said anyone who will succeed him in the 2023 governorship election will not be older than him. Umahi, who made this known while addressing executive members of the state who paid him a Christmas homage at his country home at Uburu community, Ohaozara LGA of Ebonyi state, noted that he will not allow political jobbers to distract him from his plans to develop the state, stressed further that it is too early for him to engage in 2023 politics. 7. No fewer than 1,000 members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) and other political parties have defected to the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Wakama ward of Nasarawa State. The state APC Treasurer, Mr Mohammed Aya, who received the defectors at a formal ceremony on Sunday at Wakama, said the party was encouraged with their decision to join the ruling party. 8. The President and founder of the Excellent Christian Ministry Int’l Inc, Apostle Dr. Ogochukwu Tochukwu Amaukwu, has released his 2020 prophecies for Nigeria. In his prophecies on Sunday, Amaukwu said he saw division in the All Progressives Congress, APC, that could break the party further apart, adding that some top members may return to opposing party. 9. The immediate past Speaker of the Edo State House of Assembly, Alhaji Kabiru Adjoto, has vowed to open a can of worms that will make Edo people to stone APC National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, on the streets According Adjoto, the can of worms would seal the political fate of Oshiomhole, threatening to organise a nationwide protest, tagged: ‘Oshiomhole Must Go’, a protest that will continue until the party National Chairman resigns. 10. The apex Igbo youth body, Ohanaeze Youth Council(OYC), has insisted that a Nigerian President of Igbo extraction remained the key to unlock the nation’s potential to its fullest. OYC, in a statement signed by the President General, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro and Secretary, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike and obtained by newsmen on Sunday in Umuahia, further stated that Igbos will favour the North and other parts of the country because Igbos are in all the 774 local councils in the country. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.