A cross-section of Nigerians and former Kaduna Central Senator, Shehu Sani have reacted to the Boko Haram attack on Babbangida-Gashua-Damaturu axis. Suspected fighters of the Islamic State in West Africa Province (ISWAP) Sunday attempted to infiltrate Damaturu, the Yobe State capital. The incident which happened in the late hours saw an attempt by the suspected terrorists to take over the State capital but troops deployed around Babbangida-Gashua-Damaturu axis with aerial support from the Nigerian Air Force repelled the attack. DAILY POST reliably gathered that, more than 30 ISWAP fighters were killed alongside their commander who led the attack. The commander was identified as Abu Muqhtar. During the attack, Atleast seven people were reported to have been killed as the terrorists opened fire on travellers at Burimari village between Monguno and Gajiram in northeast Nigeria. Reacting, some Nigerians took to their social media page calling out President Muhammadu Buhari’s government over its statement that ‘Boko Haram has been technically defeated. Shehu Sani on his Twitter page expressed his condolences over the attack. He wrote: “Our thoughts and prayers for the people of Yobe over the reported Boko Haram violent incursions.” Here are other reactions gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter; @Beth4one “And could these renewed attacks on our citizens not be related to GMB’s visa on arrival and open borders to foreign nationals? It is a question.” @WisdomOlazarus “Technically defeated Boko Haram is unleashing mayhem? God save the ordinary folks in Damaturu.” @EL_Bishop “Boko Haram we were told has been defeated. Today, they killed 4 humanitarian aid workers and kidnapped 2 in Borno state. Now its bombs in Damaturu, Yobe state. And the politicians are busy playing politics with the lives of ordinary Nigerians.
I pray for peace in Damaturu.” @AaliyuYakubuH “Who would’ve thought 4 years post-2015, Boko Haram would have the audacity to attack Damaturu broad daylight?
Not me.” @IsiomaMb “saw Damaturu trending since 3hours ago but refused to open it. Yobe State gave Buhari more than 600k votes in the last election.I’m not praying for any Damaturu, I’ll just “ehya” what happened.” @NameisLuyi “When I think of Damaturu, I wonder where the technical defeat is.” @Iansheyibright “Buhari to Ministers “Be proud you were part of a government that ended boko haram” May 22, 2019..Lai “I stand by what I said that BH is technically defeated” Oct 21, 2019 “D defeated BH is boldly laying siege to a state capital (Damaturu).A bloodthirsty irresponsible government.” @ChunkyOzil “TeChniCally DefeaTed Boko Haram today again “pray for Damaturu” Death in Nigeria is in a mess, people die there like fowl in numbers but they only tell you one or two. The third time I heard in two months a place is under siege but 37bin to renovate NASS is a priority.” @Jupoce “Those apologist of Boko Haram and Fulani herdsmen continue. We know how APC were quick to criticize PDP when the designated killer Boko Haram as terrorists, but today, Shiites, IPOB and even free speech that are innocent are quickly designated as terrorists. Continue defending.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.