Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State has promised that women will not be undermined his cabinet, describing himself as a gender-sensitive person. Abiodun said he would appoint more women into his yet-to-be constituted cabinet. Abiodun was reacting to a protest letter written by some concerned women groups in the state over his commissioner-nominees. DAILY POST reported that Abiodun on Thursday presented 18 names of his would-be commissioners to the state House of Assembly for screening and approval. Out of the 18 names submitted, DAILY POST observed that only two were women – Prof Sidi Osho and Mrs Funmi Efuwape. As a result, a coalition of over 50 women groups, in a open letter on Saturday, issued three days ultimatum to Gov Abiodun to nominate more women in his cabinet or face women protests as from Monday. Speaking to DAILY POST through his Consultant on Media, Yinka Ogundimu, the Governor said more women will be appointed into his government. Ogundimu, who is also a woman, said Abiodun will never relegate women to the background, emphasising that the governor knows what he was doing. In an exclusive interview with DAILY POST on Sunday, Ogundimu clarified that Abiodun promised to have 40%, if not 50% of his cabinet allotted to women, saying the cabinet is not for Commissioners alone. She recounted how the governor appointed her and other women as Consultants, Special Advisers, Senior Special Assistants and others. “The cabinet cuts across all appointments. As we are now, I am a Consultant, we also have other Consultants who are women as well. We have SSAs, we have SAs who are also women. I is all-combined. “The Governor didn’t say 50% of his Commissioners, rather he said 50% or 40% of his cabinet members will be women. “Governor Abiodun has heard what the women are saying. he is a listening governor. He will address their requests appropriately I just want them to know that the cabinet is a mixture of all appointments. The governor is gender-sensitive and he will not do anything in a biased manner. He will not relegate women to the background. “Other appointments will come soon; other positions will still be filled. I’m sure Gov Abiodun will do as he has promised the women population,” Ogundimu stated. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.