The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has described the Accountant General of the Federation, Mr. Ahmed Idris, as a frustrated ‘account clerk’. This is coming as ASUU members have refused to enrol into the Integrated Personnel and Payroll Information System (IPPIS). ASUU condemned the Accountant General of the Federation for threatening to sanction Vice Chancellors who have refused to enrol into what it called ’fraud platform’. DAILY POST gathered that the AGF, Mr. Ahmed Idris had in a letter dated 2nd December, 2019, advised some Vice Chancellors who are yet to enrol on the IPPIS to do so on or before 6th December failure of which will attract appropriate sanctions. But, ASUU Chairman at the University of Ibadan, Professor Deji Omole while reacting, stated that it was unfortunate that Vice Chancellors had become errand boys that will now be threatened by an ‘account clerk’. According to Omole, the threat against VCs was an indication of the massive failure being recorded by the government with lecturers not enrolling into the system. Omole in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Wednesday in Ibadan, the Oyo state capital, stated that it was unfortunate that the likes of Ahmed Idris whose office have continued to extort public University Bursars via unlawful kickbacks, was the one claiming he wants to use IPPIS to ensure transparency and accountability. Omole, who hailed some Vice Chancellors for refusing to be enslaved, added that it was woe to a nation where intellectuals become errand boys to those who cannot pass ICAN exam. He said, “It is a very sad development for any nation having the likes of Idris as the chief accountant of the nation. “It takes someone with scholarship to appreciate scholars.” Omole maintained that the union had made useful suggestions to the federal government, but stated that Nigerian intellectuals would not be turned to errand boys of corrupt civil servants. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.