The National Judicial Council (NJC) has approved the appointments of 33 heads of courts in 11 states of the federation. In a statement, the NJC said it had sent the list of successful candidates to various state governors for further action. The statement has it that the decision to send the list of judicial officers to the various governors was made at its meeting. The Cross River State Acting Chief Judge, Hon. Justice Akon Bassey Ikpeme was appointed Chief Judge of Cross River State High Court of Justice. NJC recommended the appointment of (6) Heads of Court, and (26) Twenty-six Judicial Officers for State High Courts and one (1) Kadi, Sharia Court of Appeal; The National Judicial Council considered and approved the lists of candidates presented to it by Interview Committee and resolved to recommend the Judicial Officers to the Governors of their respective states. The Governors included the Governors of Anambra, Kebbi, Cross River, Zamfara, Ogun, Osun, Rivers, Imo, Sokoto, Ekiti and Niger States. Those appointed Chief Judge in Anambra, Kebbi. Cross River States high court of Justices were Hon. Justice Onochie Manasseh Anyachebelu, Hon. Justice Mohammed Suleiman Ambursa and Hon. Justice Akon Bassey Ikpeme, respectively. Grand Kadi, Zamfara State Sharia Court of Appeal Hon. Kadi Dahiru Muhammad Gusau, President, customary court of appeal, Ogun State Hon. Justice Mobolaji Ayodele Ojo, President, customary court of appeal, osun state Hon. Justice Foluke Eunice Awolalu, four (4) Judges, Rivers state high court of justice Stephens Dirialakeibama Jumbo, Chuku Mark Onyema, Ngbor-Abina Lemea and Fibresima Florence Atili. Two (2) judges, Ogun state high court of Justice Olufunmilayo O. Stanley, Olukemi Olusola Yetunde Oresanya, seven (7) Judges appointed for Imo state high court of justice Onyeka Vincent Ifeanyichukwu, Leweanya Kechinyere A., Victoria Chinyere Isiguzo, Vivian O. B. Ekezie, Eze Nonye Eke, Ihuoma Grace Chukwunyere, and Ibeawuchi Edith Chinyere. Three (3) Judges for Sokoto state high court of justice Aminu Garba Sifawa, Mohammed Mohammed, Raliya Uthman Muhammad. One (1) Judge, Ekiti state high court of Justice Obafemi Makanju Fasanmi, three (3) Judges for Niger state high court of justice Salisu Alhassan Majidadi, Binta Bawa and Danladi Ahmad. One (1) Kadi, Kebbi state sharia court of appeal Bello Khalid Jega, One (1) Judge, customary court of appeal, Rivers state Amadi Ericonda, three (3) judges, Ogun State High Court of Justice, Michael Kolawole Peters, Anthony Olusesan Araba and Adebisi Olusola Femi-Segun. Also appointed were two (2) Judges, Customary court of appeal, Imo state, Obichere Ijeoma Josephine and Nze Ifeanyi Tennyson. The statement added that all recommended candidates are expected to be sworn-in after approval by their respective State Governors and confirmation by the respective State House of Assembly. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.