The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Special Task Force on Pipeline Vandalisation has arrested two suspected illegal refinery dealers with 30,000 litres of refined diesel in Unenurhie Community in Ughelli North Local Government Area of Delta State. The IGP’s team also impounded two buses loaded with locally refined diesel. In a chat with newsmen, the Operations Officer, Federal Task Force, Abuja, SP Yakubu Salisu, said the assignment was carried out on the directives of its General Commander, ACP Jibrin Kafani, in line with the zero tolerance of the Inspector-General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu. SP Salisu said the sting operation, which is the first of its kind in Delta is to send a warning signal to those behind the criminal acts that they were fully aware of their illicit activities in the remote locations across the state. SP Salisu said subsequent operations in any part of the region would record more successes as they have now perfected plans in ensuring more arrests and recovery. SP Salisu advised indigenes of the communities where the illegalities were perpetrated not to harbour those carrying out the illicit oil business in their domain due to the dangers and health hazards it poses to their lives. SP Yakubu Salisu was flanked by the commanders in Warri, Isoko, Sapele and Intel during the arrests. One of the suspects, a 39-year-old civil servant working with one of the local government councils simply identified as Fejiro, however, denied involvement in the act. She said she only visited her family compound near the illegal refinery. Within the compound, which is closed to a river bank purportedly owned by an octogenarian, Pa. Amos Ofejiro, a big well used as a storage facility was dug very close to an uncompleted building where an unspecified large quantities of already refined diesel were stored. In a chat with newsmen, Pa. Ofejiro said the illegal refinery business in his backyard had been in operation for decades, stating that his children resorted to the business as a means of fending for the family. It was learnt that the IGP’s team experienced some difficulties in Ohoro community at Bomadi Junction in their attempts to arrest and impound stolen crude and locally refined diesels that has turned major sources of livelihood for the indigenes. Youths numbering over 200 attacked the team who displayed so much professionalism in ensuring that there is no casualty. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.