The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State, has expressed dissatisfaction with Senator Tolu Odebiyi’s open criticism of Gov Dapo Abiodun over his choice of commissioners. The Ogun West Senator, Odebiyi, had, in a statement issued on Monday, had accused Abiodun of sidelining core APC members in the state, adding that the party was drifting under his watch. But reacting in a statement signed by the Ogun State Publicity Secretary of the APC, Tunde Oladunjoye and made available to DAILY POST on Thursday, the party said it was taken aback by the comments of Sen. Odebiyi, being a leader and stakeholder in the party. The APC in the state was not pleased that Odebiyi, who they said had unfettered access to Abiodun and the party leadership, could come out publicly to condemn the Governor. “We were taken aback by the comments of one of our leader, Distinguished Senator Tolu Odebiyi, because he is a major stakeholder in the party and a beneficiary of the insistence on party supremacy by our party leaders, especially Aremo Segun Osoba and Prince Dapo Abiodun. “We also know for a fact that the Distinguished Senator has unfettered access to the Governor and the party leadership of the state apart from being a member of the State Caucus of the party, which is the highest level of decision making,” he said. Oladunjoye urged Odebiyi and other aggrieved leaders of the party to lead by example and to refrain from statements that could be misconstrued or cast the leadership of the party or government in bad light before the general public. He debunked the rumour that Osoba was angry with Gov Abiodun over the commissioners list, warning those parading themselves as his loyalists to stop tagging the name of Osoba to their protests. The APC urged party members and leaders who may be aggrieved over one issue or the other, to embrace and exhaust internal mechanisms and due process before making their positions public. “May we also use this opportunity to plead with few members who feel aggrieved on recent appointments that other appointments will still come. They should stop tagging the name of our revered leader, Aremo Olusegun Osoba, to their protests. It is normal for members to complain and protest in a democracy but it could be unacceptable to dress such complaints or disagreements, even if genuine, in the toga of a group or a leader. “Anyone close to Baba Osoba will confirm that our leader regularly warns and detests groupings within the party. Aremo Segun Osoba is our father and a father to all. “Chief Olusegun Osoba sacrificed dearly for the democracy we are enjoying in Nigeria today and only God saved his life from several attempts during the military era. “He was also one of the people that God used as pillar of support for the emergence of Price Dapo Abiodun as Governor in Ogun State; he should therefore not be reduced to a state or sectional group leader. It’s very unfair. “While recognizing the right to protest or express dissenting views, the party wishes to advise our members, especially our leaders, to lead by example and to refrain from statements that could be misconstrued or cast the leadership of the party or government in bad light before the general public,” the statement added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.