African Newspapers of Nigeria, ANN Plc, publishers of the oldest surviving private Nigerian newspaper, Nigerian Tribune, will on December 10, 2019 in Lagos, confer a Platinum Award on the Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom. Nigerian Tribune, established in 1949 by Chief Obafemi Awolowo is 70 years, and its publishers have decided that for the first time in the newspaper’s illustrious history, some Nigerians among whom is Governor Ortom, should be celebrated and encouraged in their selfless service to humanity. The newspaper is to present to Governor Ortom, the 70th Anniversary/Platinum award for exhibiting Uncommon Courage in Governance and Protection of Humanity. In the letter nominating the Governor for the award signed by its Chairman, Dr Tokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, African Newspapers of Nigeria Plc said Governor Ortom has demonstrated unrivalled zeal and sense of responsibility in the protection of lives and property of Benue people irrespective of ethnic compositions at a time many leaders were playing politics with the carnage perpetrated in the state by marauding herdsmen. “Your Excellency, you had a choice of consolidating your second term ambition in All Progressives Congress, APC by supporting the Federal Government on the issues of the herdsmen and the establishment of Ruga or cattle colonies in your state, but you chose humanity above political consideration and self-survival. You were vilified, but you persevered”, part of the letter reads. ANN also identified the efforts made by Governor Ortom in the area of agriculture and youth empowerment as part of the factors considered for his nomination. The Nigerian Tribune award conferment ceremonies will take place at Muson Centre, Onikan, Lagos. Reacting to the development, Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mr Terver Akase, said the award which is coming from one of the most respected newspapers on the African continent is significant in several ways and it goes to show that his principal’s efforts have been recognised and appreciated by Nigerians. Mr Akase expressed the willingness of Governor Ortom to personally receive the award. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.