Two inmates of Uyo Custodial Centre, Akwa Ibom State on Monday, 30th December 2019, regained their freedom. The inmates, it was gathered were convicted of burglary and were given an option of fine to be set free but they were unable to meet the bail condition. The Command’s Public Relations Officer, ASC Ogbajie Ogbajie, who disclosed this on Tuesday in a press statement, explained that the wife of the Controller of Corrections in the state, Mrs. Ogar Oditah paid the fines of the duo when she led other executives and members of COWA to the centre, and they were later released. Ogbajie further disclosed that such was part of the effort of the state controller’s wife to celebrate with the inmates during this yuletide even as Mrs Oditah has urged those freed not to go back to crime. According to the statement which read in parts, “The wife of the Controller of Corrections, Akwa Ibom State Command, Mrs. Ogar Oditah who is also the chairperson of Corrections Officers’ Wives Association (COWA) today 30th December, 2019 led other executives and members of the association to Uyo Custodial Centre.” During the visit, Mrs. Oditah donated drugs and freed two Inmates of Uyo Custodial Centre. “we are at the Centre in the spirit of the season to celebrate with the Inmates and support the rehabilitation work of our husbands.” However, the Inmates thanked the wife of the Controller of Corrections for coming to their assistance and they promised not to go back to crime. Mrs. Oditah also administered drugs to an infant at the Custodial Centre. In his response, the officer in charge of Uyo Custodial Centre, DCC Babafemi Jaiyeoba, said their visit was timely, as it would reduce the pressure and anxiety normally experienced during the festive period. He thanked Mrs. Oditah for remembering the Inmates of Uyo Custodial Centre during this festive period and prayed that God almighty will replenish all her efforts towards the rehabilitation of offenders in lawful custody. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.