Legal counsel to the Ekiti State Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Sunday Olowolafe on Friday, said the party’s chairman, Gboyega Oguntuwase lied in his allegation against ex-governor, Ayodele Fayose that he has a case to answer on the alleged sale of the party’s Secretariat complex. Olowolafe said Oguntuwase’s allegation was ridiculous, unfounded and baseless. Two documents which showed that the party’s State Working Committee (SWC) got a refund of N25 million from one Mrs. Rachael O.B Ajayi on January 18, 2017 had absolved Fayose of the allegation but Oguntuwase on Thursday denied being a signatory to the documents, saying: ” I want to tell you that any document they say they have, it is absolute falsehood. It is true he (Fayose) approached me to sign a document, but I told him, it was going to be a disservice to the party . I still stand by that. Reacting to Oguntuwase’s denial, legal adviser to the party in the state, Sunday Olowolafe who confirmed that the three signatures on the said documents were those of himself, Oguntuwase and Secretary of the parry, Pastor Tope Adejorin, said Oguntuwase was being clever by half with his denial and unfounded allegation against Fayose. In a release on Friday to newsmen in Ado-Ekiti, Olowolafe said: ” It has come to my knowledge, the inglorious lies, perfidious statements and unacceptable press release credited to Barrister Gboyega Oguntuwase, the PDP Party Chairman in Ekiti State on the alleged sale of the PDP proposed Party Secretariat in Ekiti State by the former Governor, Dr. Peter Ayodele Fayose. “It is trite to state that as the State Legal Adviser of the party that I am privy to all documentary transactions and in custody of duplicate of same, more so that the Party cannot purchase nor sell any property without my knowledge and involvement. ” It is also important to state that I have been in office to complete my predecessor’s tenure before Barrister Gboyega Oguntuwase was assisted into office as party Chairman by Dr. Ayodele Fayose, therefore, I am much more in privileged position to speak on issues especially those that borders on documentation and those that transcends his ascension into office. ” True leaders preserve progress, they do not divide but build and sustain on relationship but in this instance, the reverse is the case with Mr. Chairman because of present pecuniary gain by his new found political allies.
It would be recalled that the so called sale of the Peoples Democratic Party’s property has been the praise song of his deluded mind for sometimes now, to score a very cheap political points against the personality of the former Governor, Dr. Peter Ayodele Fayose. “Over time, the grandstanding of the party Chairman has been unbecoming, as if the acts and reasons for the sale of the property by the Party executives was done in secret, imediately after the foundation level during the legal tussle between Sheriff Vs. Markafi and without recourse to the appropriate authorities concerned. ” Whereas Oguntuase a lawyer like myself was fully a party to this sale upon assumption of office to complete the proposition by his predecessor in office, Chief Idowu Faleye whereas the original owner of the property reneged to fulfill her undertaking to produce the deed of release on the mortgaged property. ” This necessitated the Chairman signing the letter of “”acceptance of refund”” dated the 18th of January, 2017, and if he wants to deny his signature, he should proceed to the court rather than his comical entertainment of the public at the expense of the party’s image.
The same letter was also signed by the PDP State Secretary Pastor Tope Adejorin and my humble self as the legal Adviser. ” Moreso when the proceed of the sale was remitted into the Party’s account in Heritage Bank and same was acknowledged by the party. Yet he claimed not to be aware, all in his desperation to malign Dr Ayo Fayose, his benefactor despite incontrovertible documentary evidences.
The party members should be wary of him and the National Exco should please call him to order. ” I and on behalf of the Progressive minds in the SWC refused and we are also ashamed to associate with Gboyega Oguntuwase on his prejudiced, intoxicating and misconceived opinions after the expiration of governor Fayose’s tenure. ” I have my own records and if he has other counter records he should bring it out, rather than this macabre dance of shame. “As much as no one is against Oguntunase’s romance with his new found “leader”, this should not be done in a manner to destroy the party, even if the Greek gift given to him is much more than a second hand Toyota big daddy, this is still not sufficient to pull down the roof of our party for his pecuniary gains. “This gift on the 18th of December 2019 and his desperation to return to office for a 2nd term necessitated his emergency press release a day after on the 19th of December, 2019. “This press campaign was clearly done in bad faith and without recourse to any modicum of civility.
It is to be noted that the property was properly and legally disposed off at foundation level way back in 2017 upon due consultations, with stakeholder’s advice and considerations. “The comedy of Gboyega Oguntuwase to smear and blackmail the former Governor is solely his opinion and hence people of good conscience should discontenance his vituperations. “How much is a party Secretariat valued at 25M and paid into the account of the party to a 2 term governor? This is very shameful.
The statutory meetings of the SWC is only held on Wednesdays’ and as at this week Wednesday, the chairman was away to collect his Greek gift and so there was nowhere the SWC discussed such misplaced press release and i therefore call on the party leaders to call Oguntuase to order before he destroys this party.
Henceforth, Kindly disregard any emergency press release or media sensation coming from him without the joint approval of all SWC in Ekiti State,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.