Chukwuemeka Eze, an All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftain has mocked Kogi West candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Dino Melaye. Melaye lost the election to Smart Adeyemi of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Eze, an ally of Transport Minister, Rotimi Amaechi, stated that with the development, Melaye had been retired from Nigerian politics. He said the outspoken politician formally joined his colleagues who thought that by deserting the APC and embracing the PDP, they would succeed in their reelection bids as Senators and in the process install a PDP government at the centre. Eze said Adeyemi had “saved Nigerians the embarrassment that Dino have constituted himself to. “This will enable him to formally join his friend, Senator Abe and his other colleagues that conspired to sabotage the election of President Buhari and APC in most of the States of the Federation during the 2019 general elections. “These Senators were members of the nPDP who later joined and won elections under the platform of the APC before their greed took better portion of their senses of reasoning, forcing them to form what they termed the Reformed – All Progressives Congress (R-APC) from where they pitched their tents with the PDP and worked against the reelection of President Mohammadu Buhari. “It is pitiful that these leaders exaggerated their relevance in the politics of Nigeria by committing a political suicide that has retired them prematurely from the politics of Nigeria, making them irrelevant in their various Constituencies.” Eze further mocked those who dumped President Muhammadu Buhari and APC thinking that “the party would lose”. They are Bukola Saraki, Kwara; Dino Melaye, Kogi; Rabiu Kwankwaso, Kano, Lanre Tejuoso, Ogun; Shaaba Lafiagi, Kwara; Rafiu Ibrahim, Kwara; Barnabas Gemade, Benue; Abdulazeez Nyako, Adamawa. Others are Monsurat Sunmonu, Oyo; Usman Nafada, Gombe; Suleiman Hunkuyi, Kaduna; Ibrahim Danbaba, Sokoto; Ubale Shittu, Jigawa, Isah Misau, Bauchi; Suleiman Nazif, Bauchi. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.