Eight suspects in connection with the killing of one Mujtaba Saminu who was ‎gruesomely murdered and burnt to ashes in Chibiya village of Kajuru local government area of Kaduna state has been arrested, Kaduna state Police Command said. The case, according to the police, has been transferred to the ‎Criminal Investigation Department (CID) for investigation into the circumstances that led to the crime. The state’s Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Yakubu Sabo, who confirmed the arrest of the suspects said they would be charged to court as soon as the investigation is over. Recall that late Mujtaba Saminu, a Kachia indigene, who was last seen on Sunday 10th of November, 2019 at Chibiya town of Kajuru local government area was not actually kidnapped as earlier anticipated but was brutally killed, burnt to ashes and his remains dumped in a shallow grave. It was reliably gathered that he went to the village to buy groundnuts and since then has not been seen until his burnt body was found in a shallow grave in the village. PPRO explained, “Yes as soon as we got the information about the killing, the Divisional Police Officer in Kajuru contacted some of the traditional leaders in the area and was able to arrest 8 suspects in connection with the killing of the man. “Already, the case has been transferred to CID headquarters and investigation has already commenced and as soon as we are done with investigation, they will be taken to court.” In the same vein, leaders of Kachia Community Development Association (KCDA) are seeking compensation for the family of the victim. The group also called on the state government to as a matter of urgency ensure that all those involved in the gruesome murder of the victim are prosecuted and punished in accordance with the law of the land. The chairman of the Kachia group, Bala Shittu, in a statement said the discovery of the victim’s burnt body heightened tension in Kachia which necessitated an emergency meeting with some leaders in the communities where it was resolved that the leadership must do everything possible to ensure that its people remain calm and law-abiding. The statement explained, “We gave our people assurance that all legal means must be explored to ensure that the perpetrators are arrested and prosecuted.‎ “We also reiterated our commitment to follow up on the murder case and ensure that justice is served in time without any unnecessary delay.” The association urged the state government to ensure that the family of Mujtaba and the owner of the motorcycle used on that fateful day he was killed are adequately compensated. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.