Zonal head of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, in Ilorin, Isyaku Sharu, said the body had recovered over 10 properties and cash worth over N3.6bn from treasury looters in Kwara State since February 2019 when it began operations in the state. “These properties include two in Ikoyi, one in Lekki and the recent one is over one billion naira worth houses in GRA, Ilorin,” according to Sharu. He spoke during the International Anti-Corruption Day rally organised by the Ilorin Zonal office of the EFCC in Ilorin, the state capital. Sharu, who said the rally was an advocacy to further create awareness for the world to unite against corruption, noted that “it is pertinent to know that at the eve of the last handover in Kwara State, the commission saved the state government over N4bn of tax refund. “Currently, ongoing investigation into Kwara state internal revenue service led to the recovery of about N50m while efforts are in top gear to recover the remaining N4bn from some notable individuals fingered in the KWIRS saga.” Also speaking, Kwara State Governor, Malam Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq, Monday, disclosed that he would have inherited an empty treasury if the state government account had not been frozen by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on the eve of his inauguration. He recalled that only N4.8bn tax refund seized by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, was inherited from the previous administration. He said, “N4.8 bn is in our cash reserve, we have not touched it, it will be used to balance the budget for next year, it will be invested in our schools, and road infrastructure among others. ” We thank the Ilorin Zonal office of the anti-graft agency for the recoveries they have made. When we came into power, there would have been nothing to inherit, the past government told us that they left a debt of N30bn bit so far, we are looking at debt of almost N100bn. “We don’t see this march as that of the law enforcement agencies alone, it is a march for everybody and the important message for all of us, is if we don’t kill corruption, it will kill all of us.” Governor Abdulrazaq said corruption was detrimental to socioeconomic development of any society as it reduces government’s capacity to deliver on campaign promises. “Corruption is killing us in our schools,and hospitals, it hinders infrastructural development. It’s therefore important that we work in hand with the anti-graft agencies and be part of the processes to develop our society,” he said. He also thanked the EFCC for the recent recovery of N111m from some past government officials. The governor urged Kwarans to continue to support the anti-corruption drive of President Mohammadu Buhari’s administration as part of the overall strategy to achieve the United nations sustainable development goals (SDGs). Speaker of the state House of Assembly, Hon Yakubu Danladi Salihu, commended the anti-graft agency for its advocacy against corruption, adding, “it is important for all of us to partner with the anti-graft agency to kill corruption and save our state and Nigeria in general.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.