The police in Borno State says it has arrested 56 suspects for various offences in continuation of its PUFF ADDER operations aimed at riding the state of criminals. The State Police Commissioner, Mr Mohammed Aliyu, made the disclosure while parading the suspects on Tuesday in Maiduguri, the state capital. The commissioner, however, decried the fact that investigations indicate that most of the suspects were adolescent, calling on parents to ensure proper monitoring and moral upbringing of their children, to check crimes in the society. NAN reports that the suspects were apprehended at different times and locations, over alleged robbery; acts of terrorism, cattle rustling and criminal intimidation. Other offences include attempted kidnapping, rape, murder, adultery, public nuisance and possession of narcotic substances. One of the suspects, a truck driver, he alleged was arrested in Maiduguri, on Dec. 9, while transporting large quantity of Indian hemp. Aliyu explained that hundreds of parcels of cannabis were concealed under firewood, household and electrical appliances in the truck, adding that the arrest was sequel to series of intelligence gathering by the command. ‘‘One suspect (name withheld) was arrested over alleged attempt to kidnap one person on Dec. 7; while one other suspect (name withheld) was also arrested on Dec. 4, in possession of a stolen car. He revealed that three other suspects were arrested in possession of rustled cows at Kwaya Kusar market, saying the cows were suspected to have been rustled when Boko Haram insurgents attacked and killed two persons at Tolomeri community. ‘‘Two suspects (names withheld), were arrested over alleged forgery of University of Maiduguri certificates, while one other suspect was arrested over military impersonation. ‘‘36 other suspects were arrested over adultery, public nuisance and possession of Indian hemp at Galadima area of Maiduguri’’. ‘‘Six rape suspects, one suspect on alleged murder and two others over alleged intimidation and cheating’’. He noted that the command recovered a truck with registration number DBT 421 XA, a large quantity of Indian hemp, narcotic substances, generators and other electrical appliances from the suspects. One AK47 rifle, suspected to be buried by the insurgents, was also recovered by the police. The commissioner further reiterated the command’s commitment to the protection of lives and property and called on the people to provide credible information to the police to enhance security in the state. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.