The lawmaker representing Brass constituency 1 in the Bayelsa State House of Assembly, Hon. Charles Daniel, has finally opened up on his victory, after the November 16 supplementary election in the state. Hon. Charles Daniel who contested on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) defeated Hon. Preye Broderick of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), after INEC declared the initial election inconclusive. The lawmaker said he didn’t entertain any fears when the election was delayed due to a court order restraining INEC from conducting the election. Daniel, who made the remark at his victory’s thanksgiving celebration on Sunday in Yenagoa, noted that he and his party were victorious at the first instance, but when the result announcement was shifted he was unperturbed because he believed the people were solidly behind him. “We were victorious at the first instance, so I believed in the victory because the people were with me. As a child of God I have always kept faith with the lord, for us we believe with God all things are possible” According to a federal lawmaker representing Brass/Nembe federal constituency, Hon. Sunny Isreal Igoli, encouraged the celebrant to participate in the business of the house in order to impact positively on his constituents. Igoli, urged the people to work in unity and support the incoming administration in the state in order to attract development. In his brief, the member representing Brass constituency 2, BYHS, Hon. Timi Agala Omubo, promised to work with other members of the house including the latest member in order to balance the assembly. “The interest of the people will be protected, we all know the house is a place where you go to struggle for things for your people which is what we always strive for. As for the role of the Executive and the legislative under the next administration our relationship will be smooth and very cordial but nevertheless we will check them in furtherance for the overall good and interest of Bayelsans” The Chairman of NULGE, Brass Local Government Area, Comrade Singer ThankGod, noted that with the experience of the incoming governor as a manager of human resources, Bayelsans should expect development in all sectors of the state with the cooperation of the legislative. He was optimistic of a thorough new kind of leadership with the next administration. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.