Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Following the leadership crisis in Kano State between Ganduje and the Emir of Kano, Mohammed Sanusi, a group of elders under the chairmanship of General Abdulsalami Abubakar, GCFR has been formed to intervene in the crisis with a view to bringing about, full reconciliation and effective resolution of the matter. A press release signed by Adamu Fika (Wazirin Fika) said Two-State Governors are also members of the committee, and they include Gov. Kayode Fayemi (who is also the chairman of the Nigerian Governors’ Forum) and Gov. Aminu Bello Masari of Katsina State. 2. The Presidency Saturday reacted to attacks on President Muhammadu Buhari by some prominent Nigerians. The seat of power said such people do not like President Buhari “because he does not sign papers or give out oil wells at will. Presidential Spokesman, Malam Garba Shehu said this at the weekend in Abuja during a dinner organized by the Press Corps of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. 3. Bayelsa State Governor, Seriake Dickson, has condemned Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State for accusing him of inciting ethnic disharmony in Ijaw land. Dickson also accused his Rivers State counterpart of promoting “wicked clandestine ethnic supremacist agenda” in the politics of Rivers. The claim was contained in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Fidelis Soriwei and made available to reporters on Sunday. 4. The Nigerian government will early next year, meet with the U.S government over its decision to place the country on its watch list. Malam Garba Shehu, the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, said placing Nigeria on the watch list does not make Nigeria a country of concern on religious freedom. He added that placing Nigeria on U.S. watch list carries no immediate implication, and that does not in any way make the country an area of concern as being asserted in some quarters. The presidential aide maintained that Nigeria as a geo-political entity had no policy that promotes one religion against the other. 5. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has reduced the charges of electronic transfer, ATM withdrawal and card maintenance fees. The new charges were contained in the Guide to Charges by Banks and Other Financial Institutions released by the CBN on Sunday. Bank customers will now pay N10 for electronic transfers below N5,000, and N25 for electronic transfer between N5,000 and N50,000. Only electronic transfer above N50,000 will attract N50 charge. CBN also slashed charges for cash withdrawal via Other bank’s ATM to “maximum of N35 after the third withdrawal within the same month” from “N65 after the third withdrawal within the same month”. 6. The Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Mr. Abubakar Malami (SAN), on Sunday, denied receiving any letter on the continued detention of #RevolutionNow co-convener, Omoyele Sowore from six United States of America lawmakers. The minister made the denial in a statement by his spokesperson, Dr Umar Gwandu, saying that foreign policy conventions do not support direct correspondence between the office of the Attorney General of the Federation and serving legislators of a foreign country. 7. The Senate of the University of Abuja, FCT, has expelled no fewer than 100 students and suspended 11 others for their involvement in examination misconduct. The university, in a statement issued on Sunday and signed by Dr Habib Yakoob, the Head of its Information and University Relations, said that 72 of the expelled students were undergraduates, while 28 were postgraduate students. He said that five undergraduate students were suspended for one academic session, three suspended for one semester, while three others were discharged. 8. Northern States Christian Elders Forum, NOSCEF, has pleaded with President Muhammadu Buhari, to give the Christian community in the country Christmas gift by ensuring the release of Leah Sharibu from what the forum described as “the brutal custody of the Boko Haram.” NOSCEF, in a Christmas message through its chairman, Engr. Ejoga Inalegwu also lamented the state of the nation, saying, “Our hearts bleed for our nation, a nation that has abandoned God and every godly value. 9. The administration of President Muhammadu Buhari has rejected the US designation of Nigeria as a country that engages in or tolerates severe violations of religious freedom. The Buhari government said the iniquitous tag stems from an orchestrated narrative that has long been discredited. This was contained in a statement issued in Abuja on Sunday by the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed. The Minister said the good people of Nigeria enjoy unfettered freedom to practise their religion, and blamed failed politicians and disgruntled elements for the tag. 10. The Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, has wholeheartedly welcomed the United States Government for placing Nigeria on a Special Watch List of nations where religious intolerance holds sway. CAN leadership made its position known through Pastor Adebayo Oladeji, Special Assistant (Media & Communications) to the CAN President, Rev Dr Samson Ayokunle. The Apex Christian body said though it is not happy with Nigeria being listed among nations with religious intolerance, it is happy that a neutral and external organisation has observed the situation in Nigeria. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.