The Coalition of United Political Parties, CUPP, on Friday, accused the Presidency of being responsible for the invasion of Abuja Federal High Courtroom and subsequent re-arrest of Omoyele Sowore, convener of RevolutionNow Movement by operatives of the Department of State Services, DSS. CUPP hinged its claim on the fact that no decision is taken by the DSS without the approval of the Presidency. In a statement signed and forwarded to DAILY POST by its spokesperson, Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere, CUPP said DSS desecrated the “sanctity of the court” by invading Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu-led court while in session. DSS operatives had invaded the Justice Ojukwu-led courtroom, chased away lawyers in an attempt the re-arrest Sowore. Reacting to the drama that occurred, CUPP dared the Presidency to absolve its self by ordering the arrest and prosecution of DSS officers involved in the raid. The statement reads: “The serenity, as well as the sanctity of the Court, was utterly desecrated by the men of the SSS who believing they are above the law launched their attack even while the Court was in session. “The arrest of Sowore right inside the Courtroom, while the trial was on, is treason against constitutional governance. “This attack is the worst level of contemptuous act ever witnessed in Nigeria’s democracy and could not have happened without express approval and backing of the Presidency. It has formally announced the total collapse of democracy and constitutionality and ushered in a descent into totalitarianism, anarchy and despotism. Nigeria is now officially a Police State. “This very attack is worse and graver than the barricading of the National Assembly for which a former Director General of the DSS was summarily sacked. The Court is the Temple of Justice. It is ordinarily
the inner Chamber of civility that even the military in their decades of rule in Nigeria could not suppress. “If the Presidency will claim it did not directly approve the desecration of the Federal High Court in session, we call for the immediate sack of all the officers of the DSS involved in this show of shame and for them including their superiors who gave the order to be docked immediately for the contempt in facie curie and sentenced appropriately. “While we note that this type of action can only happen where the Executive does not have respect for the judiciary, its leadership, structure and powers, we shall, however, await the comments and position of the Chief Justice of Nigeria before we take a more formal position on this abomination.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.