The federal government has been advised to review the closure of land borders across the country to achieve effective results. The general overseer of the Christian Youth Evangelistic Ministry, Prophet Kehinde Ola who gave the advice said, contrabands are still finding their way into the country despite the closure. He also slammed some top religious leaders and men of God in the country for not telling the president, Muhammadu Buhari, the governors and other political leaders what they are not doing right. Prophet Ola stated this while speaking with newsmen on the 10 day bi-annual interdenominational marathon prayer programme with the theme: The Spirit of God With His Covenant. He urged for prayers for the country to get over her myriads of challenges including socio economic, insecurity, saying only prayer is the weapon to address these. “What benefit derived from the closure of the country borders so far. Few years ago, the fuel price was increased by 200 percent and we are one of the largest producers of oil in Africa ” Despite closing the border, vehicles and other goods are still being smuggled into the country. But the custom officers who can not stop the smuggling will be arresting and seizing the vehicle who innocently bought it with their hard earned money. On the failure of the religious leaders to boldly challenge the president on some of the activities his government, he said, ” Renowned men of God that people hold in high esteem are not ready to speak against their wrong actions and inactions “All they are looking for is to get money and influence through . You can imagine some top general overseers of two prominent and respected pentecostal churches in the country visiting Aso Rock from time to time with no news of their firm stance on the wrong activities of government Why are they always their if not for money and influence.” He, however, called on true men of God in the country to unite and pray for Nigeria for total deliverance from her challenges. The cleric who lamented that little is being done to salvage the future of the country charged the federal government to fight insecurity and corruption to a stand still. “They should stop stealing our money. Corruption is still a way of life within the system. Our leaders must their counterparts in the developed countries. ” Unity and national integration is fast eluding the country. Everybody is fighting for his or her own selfish interest. Religious intolerance must not be tolerated by the people and the government. Adherents of all the three religions in the country must be treated fairly and equally. Prophet Ola warned those he described as the messengers of Satan parading themselves as men of God to repent and mend their ways saying the judgment of God is fast coming upon them. The man of God also advised Governor Kayode Fayemi to go beyond payment and put in place those things that will add value and raise the standard of living of the people. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.