Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Officials of the Lagos State Building Control Agency, LASBCA, at the weekend, shut down 19 buildings in Igbogbo Baiyeku area of Ikorodu, for violating the town planning laws. A Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG, and a Cherubim and Seraphim Church, on Bamgbose Street and eight other buildings were affected after the owners failed to produce building permits and other required documents. 2. Kano Governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has laid to rest speculations that he will strip Emir of Kano Muhammadu Sanusi of his position under the new Emirate rules as he appoints the Emir as Chairman State Emirate Council. Ganduje said by the powers conferred on him in Sections 4 (2) (g) and Section 5((1) (2) of the Kano State Emirate Councils Law 2019, he appointed His Highness, Alhaji Muhammadu Sanusi II, Emir of Kano Emirate, as Chairman Kano State Council of Chiefs. 3. The Nigerian Communication Commission (NCC) has established Emergency Communication Centres (ECC) across 18 States of the country including the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). The ECC are operational in Benue, Kwara, Plateau, Kaduna, Kano, Katsina, Ogun, Ekiti, Ondo, Oyo, Edo, Akwa Ibom, Cross River, Imo, Enugu, Anambra and Adamawa, according to its Executive Vice Chairman, Engr. Umar Garba Danbatta. 4. Opeyemi, the wife of Omoyele Sowore, convener of RevolutionNow Movement, has raised the alarm over threat to her husband. She called on the United States, US, government to intervene in the predicament of her husband, who was re-arrested by operatives of the Department of State Services, DSS, in an Abuja Federal High Court on Friday. 5. The Presidency has claimed that the Publisher of SaharaReporters, Omoyele Sowore, planned to cause trouble in the country and disappear like the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu. Garba Shehu, President Muhammadu Buhari’s Spokesman, said the DSS does not necessarily need the permission of the Presidency in all cases to carry out its essential responsibilities that are laid down in the Nigerian Constitution – which was the foundation for the restoration of democracy in our country in 1999. 6. Kidnappers of two Catholic Priests at Elegbeka axis of Ose Local Government Area of Ondo State, have demanded the sum of N100 million naira ransom for their release. According to the Director of Media and Communications of the Ondo Catholic Diocese, Rev. Father Leo Aregbesola, who confirmed the development, the kidnappers contacted the Awka Catholic Diocese where they made the demand. 7. Vice-Chancellor of Babcock University, Ilishan-Remo, Prof. Ademola Tayo, has spoken on the expulsion of a female student in the sex video that went viral last month. The VC said the school had to take that decision in order to protect its image and its alumni, adding that “swallowing of penis is a dirty thing.” 8. Nigeria Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI) has urged the federal government to embrace oil fingerprinting technology, comprehensive metering infrastructure of all facilities, and other creative strategies to combat the growing menace of theft of Nigeria’s crude oil and refined petroleum products. In a Policy Brief titled “Stemming the Increasing Cost of oil theft in Nigeria” released in Abuja at the weekend, NEITI revealed how crude oil and refined products worth $41.9 billion were stolen from Nigeria in the last ten years. 9. A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and Director General, Voice of Nigeria (VON), Osita Okechukwu, has called on the All Progressives Congress, APC, and the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP to adopt Igbo Presidency for 2023. Okechukwu, who spoke with journalists in Enugu on Sunday, said if APC and PDP produced Igbo presidential candidates in 2023, it would solve the “prevalent gun-box democracy” and return “ballot box democracy” to Nigeria. 10. The Adamawa State Independent Electoral Commission (ADSIEC) on Sunday announced results of council election held on Saturday, indicating that candidates of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) won the election in all the 21 local government areas of the state. The results declared by the Executive Chairman of ADSIEC, Isa Shetimma, showed that the PDP performed overwhelmingly in all the LGAs, leaving opposition All Progressives Congress (APC) trailing weakly. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.