A sociopolitical group, Igbo National Council (INC), has berated the Federal government over its decision to offer Visa Free Policy to African immigrants. Recall that President Muhammadu Buhari-led APC federal government had announced to offer free Visa to some African countries to strengthen bilateral relationship between the countries in the Africa continent. The development has however, continued to generate mixed reactions among leaders and citizens in the country. In a statement signed by the INC President, Chilos Godsent and Secretary General, Zulu Ofoelue and made available to newsmen, the group noted that since the declaration of Visa Free Policy by the President Muhammadu Buhari-led APC government, the country has witnessed a huge influx of foreign Fulani Herdsmen in some states in the Eastern parts of the country as well as in the Middle Belt regions. The group implored various State Houses of Assemblies in Eastern Nigeria to pass anti-grazing laws as a legal framework to protect their indigenous lands against any form of criminal acquisition through shadow powers and their allies. The Igbo body further called on President Buhari to rise up in defense of the Nigeria Constitution by reversing the contentious Visa Free Policy for African Immigrants, asserting that the policy is capable of causing more economic damages and threat to the security of Nigeria. According to the Igbo socio-political body, “It is regrettable that this policy is coming when many African Heads of State are coming together to unite for the fight against terrorism, prevention of invasion of their countries by this international terrorist organizations, protection of their citizens and strengthen the security and economy of their country. “You will notice that in the recent times, local bandits and terrorists groups like Boko Haram and their likes have pledged their loyalty to ISIS etc in a bid to acquire more international support from ISIS and also to strengthen their capacity for armed combats geared towards merciless killings and invasion of Ethnic Nationalities in Countries of their choice. “Sources also had it that from January 2020 onwards there will be more shipment of foreign Fulani Herdsmen to many states in Southern Nigeria. This can only be prevented if the various state governments and their people rise up against the menace. On the foregoing, INC therefore warns on the dangers this illegal migration poses on the socioeconomic and security live of Nigeria”. “The Igbo group added, “INC calls on the various State Governors to join the calls to persuade President Buhari to reverse the Visa Free Policy for African Immigrants. INC will not take it lightly with any group or groups purported to be warming up or planning to invade any part of the Eastern Nigeria in a bid to confiscate our lands, decimate our cultural heritage and kill our people”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.