One person has been allegedly killed in a renewed cult clash that ensued in Calabar, Cross River State. The incident occurred on Friday when a suspected cult gang attacked the victim in his house at Wilki by Ephraim in Calabar South local government area of the State at the late hours. The victim had his head chopped off by the rival group. The head of the victim was taken away and the neighbourhood was thrown into fear and panic while the lifeless body was abandoned by the road side. It was gathered that the victim was trailed by a rival cult group and hacked him down at night to avenge the killings of some of their own that were equally killed in similar manner by another cult group. However, in a brief phone interview with some newsmen on the incident, the commissioner of Police confirmed the cult incident saying, “We are trying to authenticate it”. On the number of lives lost from the clash, Akpan said, “we are only hearing of one (life lost). The truth is that it’s like brothers in the same house fighting, they know themselves we will get something out.” This occurred barely 24 hours after the Cross River Commissioner of Police, Mr. Nkereuwem Akpan, had lauded the state governor, Senator Ben Ayade over low crime rate in the state. During a courtesy call on the governor, Senator Ben Ayade at the state executive chamber on Thursday, the newly posted commissioner of Police, Mr Nkereuwem Akpan commended Ayade for the prevailing low crime rate Cross River enjoys. He said, “I’m posted here strictly on security duties- for the protection of lives and property. Thank God, Cross River is one of the less vulnerable states in terms of insecurity. “Thank you, Your Excellency, the job has already been done because if you check the profile of states with criminality, Cross River is one of the least in the country. “So, I appreciate you, Your Excellency. On behalf of my team, we pledge our readiness to work for you,” the CP Akpan stated. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.