Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Suspected armed robbers on Saturday attacked a First Bank in the Mpape area of Abuja, Nigeria’s capital.
However, the robbers were trapped inside the bank after the premises was surrounded by policemen and soldiers, one of them was killed while others were arrested. 2. Gunmen on Saturday invaded the family house of the Edo State Deputy Governor, Philip Shaibu.
Report said the assailants were chased away, while one of them, identified as Victor John, was arrested. Victor named other suspects to include Uche Ogoke, Monday Kingsley, Pius Lucky and Sunday Goodluck. 3. Former Senate President, Bukola Saraki, has claimed that Kwara State Governor, Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq, is out for vengeance against his family.
Saraki, while reacting to the governor’s decision to revoke a land occupied by his family in Ilorin, the state capital, insisted the land was duly allocated and a Right of Occupancy title issued on it. 4. The President of the Senate, Dr Ahmad Lawan, has pledged to run non-partisan leadership in the National Assembly.
Lawan, who stated this on Saturday in Damaturu, Yobe State capital at a reception in his honour, appealed for the support of Nigerians to the lawmakers to enable them achieve success. 5. Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the proscribed secessionist group, the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has vowed to expose alleged complicity of President Muhammadu Buhari, Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai and the cabal in the recent beheading of 11 Christians by the Islamic State of West Africa, ISWAP.
He promised to make the revelation in a broadcast scheduled for Tuesday, 31/12/ 2019 by 7: 00 PM. 6. A body of Northern leaders, Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), has advised President Muhammadu Buhari and his government to deploy modern technology to tackle insecurity in Nigeria. The ACF, in a statement issued in Kaduna State on Saturday by its National Publicity Secretary, Alhaji Muhammad Ibrahim, also called on all levels of government to bring succour to Nigerians through effective implementation of the 2020 budgets. 7. The Ogun State police command has informed the public that it has placed an embargo on any form of street carnival or public procession.
DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi, command spokesman, in a statement on Saturday, said the decision became necessary due to series of violence and wanton destruction of valuable properties associated with such carnivals in recent time. 8. The International Human Rights Commission has asked President Muhammadu Buhari to embrace a new model of conflict resolution rather than arresting and detaining political opponents.
Speaking at a press briefing in Abuja on Saturday, the Country Representative of the IHRC, Dr. Friday Sani said the era of arresting and detaining political opponents and perceived enemies of government had become outdated the world over. 9. Leader of a leading Yoruba socio-cultural group, Afenifere, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to, without further delay, break the country into its original units if he does not want to restructure.
The elder statesman said that Nigeria should be broken so that each group goes to its place and enjoy peace. 10. No fewer than two people have been confirmed dead in a road accident that also left 12 people with various degrees of injury, the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Zamfara State Command has confirmed.
According to the Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the command, Yasir Shehu, the accident, which occured between the Gusau-Funtua road in the early hours of Saturday, involved three vehicles, a Honda car, a Nissan bus, and a Golf saloon. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.