Former Arsenal star, Charlie Nicholas, has predicted the score lines of some of the English Premier League match day 18 fixtures. Tottenham Hotspur will battle Chelsea at home on Sunday evening, while Manchester City will face Leicester City at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday. Everton will host Arsenal at Goodison Park on Saturday afternoon, while Manchester United will take on Watford in an away Premier League fixture on Sunday. Speaking with Sky Sports, Nicholas gave his predictions thus; Man City vs Leicester: “This is the really interesting game for Brendan Rodgers’ Leicester. They have the capability of going there and winning while playing an attractive match at the same time. Everyone is saying Mikel Arteta will be going, and then Pep Guardiola could leave in the not too distant future, but who would be in line for the Manchester City job? Rodgers could be in that pipeline because of way Man City play. “I do not think Man City have given up, but they cannot talk about the title challenge as it is of no relevance to them right now. If they can beat Leicester and reduce the gap to 11 points with Liverpool still to play their game in hand, it will be intriguing. If Liverpool then go to Leicester and lose, that gap then goes down to eight points and suddenly the difference is very similar to what it was last season. “What do these teams have to lose? I think Man City will finish in top two and Leicester will end up third. This is the ultimate test for Rodgers as he will want to play and showcase his style more so than normal. I genuinely think, with what we saw Man City do to Arsenal, they may have got the fire back in their belly. Man City 3, Leicester 1.” Watford vs Man United: “I think Watford are already gone. Six points is the gap and we are only two games away from the halfway stage in terms of Premier League campaign. Man Utd have picked up, there is no doubt about that, but there is a vulnerability there. It has improved, and because of that Man Utd will get through it, but it will not be plain sailing here. Watford 1, Man United 2.” Tottenham vs Chelsea: “It is another cracker. The match is the ‘Special One’ against the intriguing one, or the potential one. “Frank Lampard has done a great job thus far but Chelsea have been up and down as we expected. Inconsistency is a thing, but this will be the case with whatever he is trying to achieve until they establish themselves a bit more. This will take a while, perhaps a season-and-a-half with these players. “Jose Mourinho is ruthless and that is the agenda for Tottenham right now. They are still in the Champions League but they are just wanting to win games in general – this was the reason Mourinho was brought in. If they try to force the game, Chelsea could pick them off. and Lampard will be curious as to test Tottenham’s defence. With Willian, Tammy Abraham and Mason Mount you have lots of energy and lots of ways to exploit out wide, but I cannot separate them. Tottenham 2, Chelsea 2.” Everton vs Arsenal: “I imagine Carlo Ancelotti will be in by this game, although may not be in the dugout, but it’s an intriguing signing for them. He has a great CV and as a player, I enjoyed watching him. He is a stylish and well-respected gentleman, much like Claudio Ranieri, with an even better winning mentality. He gives players respect and he wants respect back by them giving him everything they have. “Duncan Ferguson has got the edge back into them. Goodison Park was one of the toughest grounds to go to in the 1980s. Everton are so in-your-face, they are aggressive towards the opposition and if they are like this with Arsenal, they will get a lot of joy. “Even if Mikel Arteta takes over, I do not think he will be sitting in the dugout facing his old team – this one he will sit in the stands for if anything. The way Everton have been looking, I think they could turn Arsenal over in this one, who look soft at the moment. Everton 2, Arsenal 1.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.