Process and Industrial Development Ltd (P&ID) has reacted to the move by President Muhammadu Buhari government to arrest Adam Quinn, the son of P&ID’s co-founder. P&ID called the plan to seek his extradition by the Attorney General of Federation (AGF), Abubakar Malami and the Economic and Financial Crimes Comission (EFCC) an act of desperation. “The Nigerian Government’s decision to issue an arrest warrant and seek the extradition of Adam Quinn, the son of P&ID’s co-founder is a pitiful and desperate attempt by AGF Malami and the EFCC to prop up their sham-fraud case against P&ID”, the company said in a statement on Saturday. “The claims of fraud presented personally by AG Malami before the English Court are built on a foundation of sand, including fabricated evidence, illegal detentions, coercion of witnesses, threats to family members, and forced confessions. “All of this EFCC activity is in violation of Nigerian law and shows total disregard for fundamental international human rights. It will fall apart under any reasonable level of legal scrutiny. “The Buhari Administration now wishes to request extradition from relevant European authorities. This is a desperate ploy by Nigeria to evade a legal judgement and distract from the escalating blame-game in Abuja. “Any application to INTERPOL would be more of the same: an abuse of the organs of state power by President Buhari and AG Malami to threaten, detain, charge and jail innocent individuals linked to P&ID. “These applications, along with the rest of the illegitimate EFCC sham investigation, should be comprehensively rejected by all who believe in the rule of law and the application of fundamental human rights.” EFCC had, on October 21, arraigned James Nolan and Quinn (at large), both British nationals, over their alleged complicity in the $9.6billion judgment against Nigeria. P&ID, an Irish engineering company, had secured the award against Nigeria following the non-execution of a 20-year gas and supply processing agreement (GSPA) the company had with the federal government. The arraignment of Nolan and Quinn followed conviction of two directors in P&ID subsidiaries, Goidel Resources Limited and ICIL Limited. P&ID since disowned the duo. At the last hearing, Akinwande Adewale Akinseye, a Guarantee Trust Bank (GTB) staff, said that his bank supplied the statements of accounts of the company to EFCC on demand. Akinseye made the remark before Justice Okon Abang during a cross-examination at the Federal High Court, Abuja. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.