The Save Humanity Advocacy Centre has called for the prosecution of terrorists sponsors over incessant attacks on humanitarian workers in Nigeria. The centre said the persistent attacks on humanitarian workers by the Boko Haram terrorist group in North-East Nigeria, call for more significant action from all relevant stakeholders. The call came following the recent execution of four aide workers in Borno State. Joyce Ogwu, the Executive Director of the centre, in a statement on Monday, said all hands must be on deck to ensure that the persistent attacks on humanitarian workers in Nigeria are reduced to the barest minimum. The centre also encouraged the Nigerian military to continue to render selfless service to fatherland and to see that never again would any Nigerian territory be under the control of Boko Haram terrorists. The statement added, “The Save Humanity Advocacy Centre converged this press conference to register its displeasure with the way and manner humanitarian workers are abducted and killed by Boko Haram fighters in North-East Nigeria. This is indeed an unacceptable trend and must be condemned by all relevant stakeholders in the country because of the attendant consequences if left unabated. “This is because the attack on humanitarian workers is the fad now for Boko Haram terrorist groups that have been severely decimated by the Nigerian Military, and as a way of venting their anger, they have turned to humanitarian workers as a last resort. “The urgency of time requires that all hands must be on deck to ensure that the persistent attacks on humanitarian workers are reduced to the barest minimum “The Save Humanity Advocacy Centre believes that the persistent attacks on humanitarian workers by Boko Haram is an indication of a drowning group that is now after unarmed civilians in a bid to portray to the world that they are indeed still a force to reckon with. “The Save Humanity Advocacy Centre wishes to call on the remnants Boko Haram terrorist to equally surrender now that it is apparent that they have been defeated, and there is no way they can win this war. As such, they should do the needful to surrender to the military authorities. “The Save Humanity Advocacy Centre also wishes to charge the relevant security agencies in Nigeria to rise to the occasion and ensure that the persistent attack on humanitarian workers in Nigeria is reduced to the barest minimum. “This is given the invaluable contributions of humanitarian workers in mitigating some of the effects of the Boko Haram crisis in North-East Nigeria, and there is a more significant risk involved should Boko Haram fighters be allowed to continue targeting humanitarian workers. “The Save Advocacy Centre believes that the attacks on the humanitarian workers are geared towards discrediting the efforts of the military authorities in the fight against terrorism in Nigeria. Consequently, we wish to charge the Nigerian Military to see this as a challenge that they must overcome. “The Save Advocacy Centre wishes to state that should the Nigerian Military not provide enough security for humanitarian workers in the theatre of operations in North-East Nigeria, Boko Haram terrorist would continue to have a field day with their nefarious activities and it would ultimately rub-off on the image of the Nigerian Military in operation in North-East Nigeria. “The Save Humanity wishes to call on the Nigerian Military to remain vigilant in the fight against terrorism as any form of distraction can change the tide and give the Boko Haram terrorist undue advantage. “The Save Humanity Advocacy Centre views such actions as callous and indeed crimes against humanity. As such, the International Criminal Court must rise to the occasion to commence immediate prosecution of those arrested for terrorism and their sponsors. “Save Humanity Advocacy Centre wishes to draw the attention of the international community and the International Criminal Court (ICC) to see this as a collective assault on our sensibilities, which must be resisted by all and sundry. The International Criminal Court must act in the interest of all to ensure that those that have committed crimes against humanity are brought to book in the interest of justice and fairness. “The Save Humanity Advocacy Centre encourages the Nigerian Military to continue to render selfless service to fatherland and to see that never again would any Nigerian territory is under the control of Boko Haram terrorists.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.