The Ondo State Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu has granted state pardon to three condemned inmates across the various Correctional Centres on death row in the state. The governor commuted the death sentence of the three condemned inmates who were awaiting execution to number of years. Meanwhile, 16 other convicted inmates serving jail terms across medium correctional facilities in the state also benefited from the governor’s gesture. While charging them to make good use of the opportunity and turn a new leaf, Akeredolu admonished them to desist from acts capable of seeing them back to prison. According to a statement issued and signed by Segun Ajiboye, the Governor’s Chief Press Secretary, Akeredolu approved the granting of pardon to the convicts in commemoration of the New Year, which he said is within the governor’s power of Prerogative of Mercy as enshrined in Section 212(1) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, as amended. The statement reads, “Ondo State Governor, Arakunrin Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, SAN, has extended Grace and Mercy to 16 inmates of the Nigerian Correctional Service, State Headquarters, Akure. “This is in line with exercising the powers conferred on him by paragraph (d) of sub-section (1) Section 212 of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (as amended) “Governor Akeredolu, in a letter addressed to the Controller of Nigerian Correctional Service, State Headquarters, Federal Secretariat Complex, Akure, orders that 16 of the inmates be discharged out of the custodian centre accordingly and forthwith. The statement further read that “According to the Governor, the affected inmates who have been duly convicted of various terms of imprisonment have served portions of the said sentences. “Following a recommendation made to the governor by the State Advisory Council on Prerogative of Mercy, Governor Akeredolu consequently, exercises the power in relation to the said inmates to mark the 2020 New Year Celebrations. “The 16 inmates were also confirmed to have been of good conduct before they were ordered to be released by the Governor. “In the same vein, the Governor also exercises the power conferred on him by paragraphs (a)(c) and (d) of Sub-section (1) of Section 212 of the Constitution of Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (as amended) extends Grace and Mercy to three condemned inmates. “The governor commutes the life imprisonment of the three condemned inmates, who have been awaiting execution, to numbers of years,” the statement read. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.