Femi Fani-Kayode, former Minister of Aviation and other Nigerians have reacted to the release of the convener of #RevolutionNow protest, Omoyele Sowore The Department of State Service (DSS) on Thursday released Sowore and his co-accused, Olawale Bakare. This was confirmed by Sahara Reporters, a media outlet owned by Sowore. This comes barely hours after an Abuja Federal High Court, on Thursday ordered for his release within 24 hours. Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu also ordered the DSS to pay the sum of N100,000 to Sowore, for refusing to release him on bail despite two court orders to that effect. Sowore has been in custody of the DSS after he was arrested for allegedly calling for a revolution. His release has since stirred reactions on Twitter. Reacting, Fani-Kayode on his Twitter page wrote: “Glad to hear that Yele Sowore has finally been released.” @Ayemojubar “The weakness of a tyrant is PRESSURE. They always break under it.” @Femia88 “The people won. Victory for the people.” @SnehGod “Thank God Sowore, now I hope Nigerians know who is worthy to be in the throne.” @Emmanuel “I knew it will finally come to pass. Now Sowore will be more popular.” @Boss_kay_life “GOD bless each and everyone involved in the release of Sowore.” @Abbasalty “At least Sowore learned a lesson.” @Emmauwanaka “Fantastic news rolling in today. First, imprisonment of Orji Kalu and now the release of Comrade Sowore.” @Colkefas “Credit goes to the Hon. Judge of Federal High Court that gave the DSS a 24-hour ultimatum. 21 gbosa to you. Executive recklessness and indiscipline must end.” @Otuyeludamilola “To everyone and every voice, you all deserve a medal for a fight well fought.” @RichardIheanac3 “Thank you Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu for standing up to the rule of law.” @Chrisbamidele “When DSS was holding Sowore, the cry was “Buhari Is a Tyrant, he has refused to release Sowore” Now that DSS has released him based on court order, it simply became “DSS releases Sowore”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.