The Aare Onakakanfo of Yoruba land, Aare Gani Adams, has revealed what he foresees for Nigeria in 2020. Adams, a social activist and former leader of a faction of the Oodua Peoples Congress, OPC, said he sees sanctions against Nigeria from world bodies. He also predicted that 2020 would be a year when President Muhammadu Buhari will throw more former governors and members of the opposition political parties in jail. “I don’t foresee any magic. There won’t be something different from what happened in 2019. I foresee a situation where the president would be looking forward to clamp down on his opposition,” the Aare was quoted by The Sun. “I foresee a situation whereby the president would want to jail most of the governors that have trials. “I foresee a situation that the president would want to use anti-corruption to cow down most of the opposition and those who don’t believe in his cause. “I foresee a situation where new party may come out within 2020 and 2021. I foresee the two main major party will break and new party will surface. “I foresee a situation that more civil society groups will come out stronger. I foresee a situation where many people we thought were powerful, their secrets will be opened and the whole world would know that most of them are enemies of this country. “I foresee our judiciary, some of them standing their feet, that if you want to remove me, remove me, I cannot continue this way. “Talking of the economy, I foresee international community coming against our government . If care is not taken, sanction would come from international community. “From what happened in 2019, the international communities were not pleased with the process of our democracy. I foresee a sanction from United States of America; I foresee a sanction from EU. “If the Federal Government does not manage our international relations very well, the crisis between the government and the international community will be worse than the military because a statement that came from the spokesperson of the president that we are not answerable to the US, Britain and EU, that statement would generate a lot of annoyance because these are the powerful forces in global scene. “They control World Bank, they control IMF, they control United Nations about 99 per cent of the institutions that we use to govern, the whole world they control them. “You are not answerable to them, but you get grant from them and they are selling world equipment to you. We would have witnessed another third world war if not for the United Nations. “I foresee sanction coming to the government if they do not manage their international relations very well. I foresee international community blocking our citizens from traveling to their countries. “There’s an approval of budget of 30 billion dollars. Already Nigerian owes about N25 billion, the calculation of $30billion will almost get to N11 trillion. “Definitely, the money the Federal Government is asking for, if the National Assembly grants the request, Nigeria will be owing almost N36 billion, and a country with that kind of debt is in bad shape. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.