A former governor of Cross River State Dr Donald Etim Duke has decried the levels abandoned projects in Cross River in particular and Nigeria in general blaming it on lack of continuity in governance. Duke who was a one time Social Democratic Party Presidential candidate regretted the state of abandoned projects in Cross River, maintaining that, if most of those projects were completed by successive government, they would have provided thousands of employment for the people. The ex-governor told DAILY POST shortly after delivering a keynote speech at the Public Lecture on Servant Leadership, organized by the Brotherhood of the Cross and Star on Thursday at the Transcorp Hotel in Calabar. He said that if these projects, Tinapa, Ranch etc were allowed to functions, a lot of jobs would have been created, a lot of economic activities would have taken place and the state would have been better for it. “Tinapa resorts was not built with Donald Duke’s money, it was Cross River State money, if Tinapa was allowed to function, I believe a lot of jobs would have been created, I believe a lot of economic activities would have been carried out, if the Ranch was allowed to continue, I think our state would have been better for it. ‘‘Let’s look outside Cross River, look at Ajaokuta today, if you want to build Ajaokuta, it will cost you about 20 billion Dollars, we abandoned it, is something wrong with us, meanwhile, it products of Ajaokuta are what we are importing but we have all these materials here, the iron ore, the gas etc but we have abandoned those materials to go and import from Japan where they don’t have the ore and energy, we are delaying our own progress, that is the failure of none continuation” he stated. On the release of Sowore and Dasuki, Duke said, “I am not a great fan of Sowore, I think his medium, the Sahara Reporter is despicable, I think they are junk press, right, but that is not the point, the point is that he is entitled to his human right and if a court of law has granted him bail, it has to be respected “You see, the Executive arm of government was established by law, what happened was very very embarrassing towards Nigeria, a good thing is that, they have corrected themselves, I think they have learnt and I am not saying that they are blameless but a court of law or Judge in his or her wisdom decides that they were entitled for bail, it should have been respected. “You see, in this country, this thing come and go, we shouldn’t be afraid of our government, we elected them we should run to them when we have problems, not them running away from us, I hope that is what in the case of Sowore and Dasuki, and now El-Zakzaky that is still in detention, I hope it doesn’t happen again, it doesn’t do us any good” Duke pointed out. Sadly, on the rule of law, he said “sometimes they obeyed and sometimes they don’t, as in the case of Sowore, they did not, it shouldn’t be based on which one they choose and which one they shouldn’t, the rule of law is rule of law” he said Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.