The All Progressives Congress, (APC) in Ekiti State on Thursday mocked the opposition Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) saying it has foreseen its impending defeat in Saturday’s local government poll and has in its usual characteristics, resorted to blackmail. Reacting to allegations by the PDP that it is planning to use thugs to intimidate its members during the election, the APC said the allegations was coming from a drowning party, that is looking for something to cling on to. A statement by the Director of Media and Publicity of the party, Elder Sam Oluwalana stated that PDP cannot win the election even if APC members do not participate in it, because the people will still reject them at the polls. “Instead of them to embark on rigorous campaigns to redeem their dented and battered image, arising from their massive looting of the public treasury while in power, they are dishing out unfounded allegations that will take them nowhere. “APC is aware that PDP members have been running helter-skelter immediately they knew that the ruling party is not handling the election with kids gloves, going by the massive campaigns throughout the state.” Elder Oluwalana, who doubles as Senior Special Assistant (Media) Party Matters to the Governor, went down memory lane adding that the PDP is jittery because it is afraid of its own shadow.
“They believe that APC would toe the similar path which they took during the local government election which was conducted in the state about two years ago”. Buttressing the position by the State Electoral Commission that there will be a level playing ground for all parties that are participating in the election, the SSA assured that intimidation and thuggery are not part of the strategy by the APC to win the election. He also said that security agents have been mobilized to deal with anybody that attempts to disrupt the election. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.