German champions, Bayern Munich remain on course to progress through the Champions’ League group stages with the only perfect record. Many people’s football prediction now has the side amongst the likely winners, as they continue to improve under Hans-Dieter Flick. This is following a stuttering start to the season and the side are also now on a two game losing run, following consecutive 2-1 losses to Bayer Leverkusen and Borussia Monchengladbach. Bayern Munich now enter the upcoming Champions league fixture at home to Tottenham, not only looking to get back to winning form, but to also finish qualification with a perfect record. Tottenham have also already guaranteed progression as the second placed side in the group but are unable to leapfrog Bayern Munich even with a victory over them this week. Bayern Munich was drawn in Group B against Tottenham, Red Star Belgrade and Olympiacos. They opened up the competition with an impressive 3-0 home victory over Red Star, as they also reduced the away side to zero shots on target. Following this, they beat Tottenham 7-2 in London, in what was a memorable night for the German side. This included former Gunner Serge Gnabry, netting four second half goals in a stunning performance. Lewandowski also continued his scoring form with a brace. Another brace for Lewandowski followed in their 3-2 away win over Olympiacos. This was a difficult night for the German champions but a deserved victory in the end. The two sides again faced off inside the Allianz Arena in the return fixture that result in another Bayern victory. The game finished 2-0, in what was a very one-sided encounter. The visitors failed to produce a shot on target in the match, as Lewandowski again got on the scoresheet. Bayern then travelled to face Red Star inside the Red Star Stadium, in what turned out to be one of the most dominant performances of this season’s competition. The match finished 6-0 to Bayern, with the home side only producing three shots in total and one on target. Lewandowski netted four second half goals, including a 53rd minute penalty to seal the impressive victory. Bayern now head into the final game of this year’s group stage, as the only remaining side with a perfect record. They are now the odds on favourites to pick up the victory over Mourinho’s Tottenham this week. Can they also further extend on their incredible goal difference of plus 17, following 21 goals scored and just four conceeded? Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.