A former Deputy Senate President, Chief Ike Ekweremadu and a member of the House of Representatives, Hon. Toby Okechukwu have advocated increased budgetary allocation to the health care sector . They both spoke in Awgu Local Government Area of Enugu State during a free medical care organized for rural dwellers by Hon. Okechukwu, urging governments at various levels to pay more attention to the health sector. No fewer than 7000 rural dwellers received various kinds of medical care during the 10-day long exercise. The Enugu West Senator, who came alongside his wife to observe the exercise, commended Okechukwu, representing Awgu/Oji-River/ Aninri Federal Constituency, for the initiative. Senator Ekweremadu observed that the exercise had turned out to be an annual program, noting that he had visited the different host hospitals at Achi, Oji River, Nenwe, and Aninri for the years 2017 and 2018. He praised the delivery of quality medical services by the team and appreciated God for the hitch-free surgeries being performed in the course of this outreach giving that no death was recorded. He, however, expressed concern over the state of health facilities in some areas, noting that “a closer look around portrays diminishing level of health care.” “Hence, I implore the government at every level, to organize events of this sort, to give people access to health care, just like every other economic sector, such as education and infrastructural development, since the essence of governance is for the welfare of the people. “The planning of events of this manner is not rocket science, if an individual can successfully pull this up, then, the government can do it better,” Ekweremadu said. In a remark, the Reps member, Okechukwu, appreciated Sen Ekweremadu and his wife for their constant support. On why he is investing in the people, he said, “we were born, lived and grew up in this vicinity, which gives us a prior knowledge of the challenges of secondary and tertiary health care in this area, it has appeared as a missing link, which we are trying our best to fill. “Although it is hard to get an assemblage of capable medical practitioners, I am glad we still pulled it up, so I will say, this noble initiative is environmentally inspired.” Our correspondent reports that patients received free tests and treatment of diabetes, hypertension, free ultrasound scanning, free reading glasses, free cataract operations and other eye-related issues, general surgeries, including gynecological related issues, among others. Of particular mention among the beneficiaries is an indigene of Nsukka, Mrs. Chika Asogwa, whom has been battling with the growth of fibroid. Asogwa, who said she had come with fears of segregation, as she is not from the benefiting constituency, was given appropriate treatment. She told the media that “I have lived with this fibroid for years, I just recently ascertained that It can be evacuated but I ignored it since I can’t pay for the surgery. “Eventually, I heard about this program over the radio and decided to trace the venue and test my luck. I was so surprised to see that I can have such a major and expensive surgery done with someone else bearing the cost. “For this, I am eternally grateful to the benefactor of this program and I pray for generational blessings upon him.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.