For some Nigerians, this year’s Christmas is being celebrated mixed feelings- that of uncertainty and anxiety. That is the situation at the University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital, Ituku Ozalla, Enugu State, where uncountable number of patients have long been discharged but have no hope of settling their medical bills. Enquiries by DAILY POST showed that some of them have stayed for as long as 6 months with no end in sight. Little wonder as soon as members of the De Royal Friends Club International arrived at the Hospital, discharged patients and their relatives began crying on top of their voices for help. Shouts of “please help me; I was discharged six months ago; please don’t let us spend Christmas here”, among others rented the air. It became quite an emotional scenario as the visiting club members were almost moved to tears, considering financial constraints in ‘bailing out’ all the crying patients. However, two of the patients were lucky- a 17-year old girl, Chukwuede Favour who was left alone by her parents as of the time the team came to the hospital, and another baby girl, left under the care of her widow mother, Mrs. Ugochukwu. As soon as their bills were settled, Favour and mother Mrs. Ugochukwu burst into tears. Narrating her predicament, Favour, who broke down in tears said she had since been discharged but help was coming from nowhere. “My heart is filled with unquantifiable joy; I never knew that I would leave this place; I can’t believe that I will celebrate Christmas at home; after I was discharged, we could not afford the bill; my mother is just a cleaner. I thank God for sending these saviours to me,” she said in tears. It was the same scenario for the widow, whose child was also discharged but they had remained in the hospital. Amidst tears and shouts of joy, she fell down, extolling the Club members and thanking God that at last hope came for her. Meanwhile, the President of Royal Friends Club, Mr Obinna Mbazu who was quite touched over the plight of the hapless Nigerians, blasted the wealthy individuals in the society for failing to live up to their responsibilities. He said, “we started this Club since 2002 and the aim is to impact on the life of the common people in the society. You followed us around and you can see we have visited children’s home, the elderly, and here we are now crown it all with a visit to the sick. “There are many people who do not have hope for Christmas and we feel these category of people should be remembered. “My advice is that people should come to the Lord and go close to the people. In fact, cried today after visiting the hospital. I don’t know why somebody will have N7b in his account, N5b, N200m but you cannot come to a place like this. Go to the hospital, you will see people to help; the little you have, share it. I advise and I want people to start going to the hospital.” Earlier, the team was at the Leprosy Hope, Umuchigbo Nike, Daughters of Divine Love Charity Home, Umuchigbo Nike, Abandoned Children’s Hope, GRA, Enugu, as well as the Old People’s Home, Agbani Road, Enugu where they showered various gift items on the people. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.