Former National Security Adviser to ex -President, Goodluck Jonathan, Sambo Dasuki, return to his Abuja home 9pm Tuesday night after a 4-year incarceration. Dasuki had been in the Department of State Services’ (DSS) detention since December 29, 2019. Once he arrived at his residence, DAILY POST was informed that he observed some moment of privacy. “The first thing he did was to pray. He went into a private mode and was there for several minutes. After that, he embraced every one in the house”, our source said.  Dasuki was surrounded by his wife, children, relatives and some close associates. Our source said the atmosphere was very emotional as many cried at the sight of the retired colonel. “Dasuki remains strong; you know how military men are. He was actually the one comforting others, telling them to stop crying”, the source added. The Minister of Justice and Attorney General of the Federation (AGF), Abubakar Malami, ordered his release on Tuesday. Convener of #RevolutionNow, Omoyele Sowore, was also freed from detention. Malami advised them to observe the terms of their bail and refrain from engaging in any act that is inimical to public peace and national security as well as their ongoing trial which will run its course in accordance with the laws of the land.  A statement he signed said: “My office has chosen to comply with the court orders while considering the pursuit of its rights of appeal and/or review of the order relating to the bail as granted or varied by the courts. “In line with the provisions of Sections 150(1) of the 1999 Constitution (as amended), and in compliance with the bail granted to Col. Sambo Dasuki (Rtd) (as recently varied by the Court of Appeal) and the bail granted to Omoyele Sowore, I have directed the State Security Services to comply with the order granting bail to the Defendants and effect their release. “I wish to reiterate again the utmost regard of my office for the entire judicial structure of Nigeria. “This administration remains unrelenting in deepening the rule of law and the administration of justice in general.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.