What Gbajabiamila, Lawan said about Rep member, Jafaru Iliyasu Auna’s death The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila has expressed sadness over the demise of the member representing Magama/Rijau Federal Constituency of Niger State, Rep. Jafaru Iliyasu. DAILY POST had reported that Jafaru Iliyasu Auna died at Maitama General Hospital on Monday morning after a brief illness. The lawmaker had just returned to Abuja on Sunday after a retreat organised for members of the House Committee on Public Accounts in Lagos. Reacting, Gbajabiamila said he was “deeply shaken” by the demise of the Niger Rep. He described the deceased as a gentleman who showed great willingness and determination to work with his other colleagues to make good laws for the country. The Speaker said he would be remembered for his commitment to representing the interest of his people and Nigerians as a whole. In a statement he signed and sent to DAILY POST on Monday, Gbajabiamila said: “I woke up this morning only to hear the sad news of the passing away of our great colleague, Rep Ja’afaru Iliyasu. “Rep Iliyasu was a gentleman and a determined lawmaker who wanted to make his mark in service to his country. Unfortunately, death took him away at this time. “Within the last few months that he had been in the House, he proved himself to be a worthy legislator. I must say that I am pained just like my other colleagues over his demise. I pray the Almighty Allah grants him Jannatul Firdaus as his final abode,” the Speaker added. The Speaker also prayed Allah to give his immediate family, constituents and the people and Government of Niger State the fortitude to bear the loss. Also speaking, Senate President, Ahmad Lawan expressed sadness over the death. Lawan in a statement signed by his Special Adviser (Media), Ola Awoniyi, commiserated with the family of the deceased lawmaker and the government and people of Niger State over the loss. He condoled with the leadership and members of the House of Representatives on the death of their colleague and prayed that Allah will grant him the highest place in Jannah. Lawan prayed that Almighty Allah give them the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.