President Muhammadu Buhari has described the death of Nigeria’s foremost woman politician, Titilayo Ajanaku, as “a major loss to Nigeria’s democratic struggles because her roles in those struggles cannot be forgotten in a hurry.” DAILY POST reported that Ajanaku, a founding member of the Peoples Democratic Party, died in the early hours of Thursday at the age of 73. In a condolence message by one of his spokesmen, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Saturday, Buhari said the late Ajanaku would be fondly remembered as an energetic woman politician who made a name for herself in the struggle to establish democratic order in Nigeria. “She became famous because she chose to be an active player in the country’s political and democratic struggles instead of expecting to bring about change from the ringside. “Ajanaku had imbued our women with courage and confidence to become active players in politics in order to influence and shape the course of events. “To her credit, she achieved prominence in her own right because she worked so hard to make a mark,” he said. Buhari urged other Nigerian women “to follow in the footsteps of Titilayo Ajanaku in the struggle to break the political glass ceiling, an effort that demands patience, tenacity, consistency and self-confidence.” The president prayed God to grant Ajanaku’s soul eternal repose and strength to her family to overcome the loss Also, reacting, the former Governor of Ogun State and Senator representing Ogun Central, Ibikunle Amosun, has mourned the first Local Government Chairperson, Mrs Titilayo Ajanaku, describing her as a trailblazer who fought for women emancipation in Nigeria. Amosun, who was in company with a former Minister of Mines and Steel Development, Alhaji Sarafa Tunji Ishola, and others, paid a condolence visit to Ajanaku’s residence in Abeokuta, Ogun state, on Saturday. Amosun, in a condolence letter presented to the family, paid glowing tributes to the former Presidential Adviser on Women Affairs, who he noted, had served meritoriously as a nurse, counselor, religious leader and politician. According to him, Ajanaku has demonstrated the fact that the womenfolk could play a major role in the nation-building. He said “I am deeply touched that our dear state has lost an illustrious daughter and a trailblazer. She will be remembered for the landmark achievements she attained in her profession as a nurse, counselor, and in public service and religious affairs. “As a politician per excellence, it is on record that she was the first female woman to be elected as Chairman of the then Abeokuta Local Government Area of our dear state in 1987. And she later served meritoriously as Special Adviser to President Olusegun Obasanjo. “In all these, Chief (Mrs) Ajanaku has demonstrated the fact that our womenfolk can play a major role in nation building,” Amosun stated. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.