The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has accused the Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, of plans to infiltrate its South West chapter by creating factions in its leadership. But the Governor has since debunked the allegation, describing it as untrue and unfounded. NANS, in a statement signed by its Vice President, Ojo Raymond and made available to DAILY POST on Monday, said it also learnt “that some millions of naira was doled out from the government of Lagos State for same purpose”. He said, however, that it trusts “the Governor would not involve himself in such a dishonorable act which is capable of inviting students’ wrath.” The statement reads in part: “Our attention has been drawn to an alleged plans by the Governor of Lagos state, Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, to infiltrate the students constituency by factionalising the South West leadership of our association for political reasons. “We as responsible students won’t believe such until our investigations are completed. “Although, we have also learnt that some millions of naira was doled out from the government of Lagos for same purpose, but we trust our amiable governor that he wouldn’t involve himself in such a dishonorable act which is capable of inviting students wrath. “To this end, we want to notify our amiable Governors in the South West that a new executive of students at the South West level has emerged last Saturday, ably led by Com. Kowe Amos Odunayo a.k.a Kalusa of Federal College of Agriculture FECA in Akure area of Ondo State and will be introduced to the six Governors in the South West by the national leadership of our association under the leadership of Com. Bamidele Akpan very soon. “Any other group or individual who parade themselves as the south west leaders of NANS should be promptly arrested as we only have one executive in the southwest.” The students body alleged further that it gathered information that Sanwo-Olu was deliberately sponsoring a new faction of NANS “with the intention to use them against an individual currently occupying a vital office at the federal level”, adding that NANS can never be used as an instrument of destruction. “To this end, we want to beg the Governors in the South West, especially the Governor of Lagos State, Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, to only identify with the authentic executive which will be introduced to him by the National President of NANS,” Raymond said. Meanwhile, the Chief of Staff to the Governor, Mr Tayo Ayinde, has debunked the allegation in its entirety, saying it was baseless. Ayinde, while speaking with DAILY POST on Monday, said Gov Sanwo-Olu had nothing to achieve in factionalizing NANS leadership in the South West. He said repeatedly that the allegations levelled against Sanwo-Olu can never be true. “What concerns Lagos State Governor with NANS? When it is not LASU or University of Lagos. That cannot be true. It can never be true. What concerns him? As the Governor of Lagos State, he doesn’t have any business in NANS issue at all,” Ayinde emphasised. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.