The Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu has promised to give out empowerment grants to over 2000 residents in commemoration of the Lagos Civil Week. While disclosing the grant, the Special Adviser to the Governor on Civic Engagement, Princess Aderemi Adebowale said the empowerment grant is In line with the agenda of the Lagos state government administration, through a social welfare intervention programme to support traders to grow their businesses gradually. Unveiling the programmes and activities lined up for the civic week and the launch of the Sanwo-Olu Cares initiative, Adebowale said the grant should be seen as ‘setting on the path’ for citizens who are able to contribute their quota to the economic development of the state. According to her, the week-long programme championed by the Lagos State Office of Civic Engagement, will not only focus on empowerment but also look into the areas of imparting social values in children and youth as a guideline for achieving widespread civic engagement through planned programmes of action. “We aim at building a people-centred Lagos by adopting a variety of engaging activities as a channel to inspire individuals to be active participants in the process of nation-building. Engaging the citizens remains our ultimate goal. We can only improve Lagos through our collective effort. “Beneficiaries of the social welfare inclusive initiative would be encouraged to invest 50% of the grant received in a small-scale business. The Office of Civic Engagement has partnered with some companies to assist our citizens actualize these goals by planning and monitoring the growth of their small-scale business,” she stated. Analysing the schedule of the programme to be held at Eko FM Marquee, Alausa, Lagos, Adebowale said there will be social visitations to Churches, Mosques, as well as senior citizens as relief materials, will be distributed to them, adding that the flag-off of the week-long event would be interactive, educational and entertaining. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.