Armed Policemen from Orerokpe Divisional Headquarters have been caught on video camera allegedly extorting money from a Commercial tricycle operator and other motorists at Oha Junction along the Eku/Abraka road in Delta State. In the video, a policeman was seen demanding for One Hundred Naira. He was given Five Hundred Naira note which he collected and gave the commercial tricycle operator four hundred naira change in return. The video was captured by a Chattered Accountant based in Warri, Mr. Edesiri Irhirhi on Monday, December 16 and was sent to Our Correspondent in Warri. According to Irhirhi, “On my way to work this morning, some group of policemen from Orerokpe Police Station refused to allow us passage until we gave them 100 Naira. “I was left with no other option than to capture the ugly trend with my secret camera. “I’m not afraid if my name and location is mentioned in your reports. “I wish to see this video go viral within the next 48 hours.” The Nigerian Bar Association, NBA National Public Relations Officer, Mr. Kunle Edun, Esq reacted to video. He said, “I saw the exhibition of shame and impunity by our security personnel who are paid by the tax payers to protect and keep us safe, being the ones extorting money from motorists while armed. “Armed robbery is defined as taking someone’s property menacingly and while armed with dangerous weapons. “This is just one out of the many checkpoints where Nigerians are being subjected daily to extortions by security personnel on our roads. “If the police leadership is serious about stamping out collection of money by policemen on roads or station duties, they should set up task force and board commercial vehicles. The policemen don’t even hide it again. “I would urge the leadership of the Police to ensure that bad eggs are removed from the force. Collection of money as bail is rampant in many of the police stations. “A situation where the law enforcers become the law breakers, it may lead to break down of law and order as the public confidence and trust in the Police Force will be eroded.” The Delta State Commissioner of Police, CP Adeyinka Adeleke and the Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya are yet to pick calls or reply the text messages sent across to their mobile lines.  Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.