A right activist and founder Enugu Youth General Assembly (EYGA), Hon Chineme Onyeke, has entered the ring for the sole chairmanship ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Nsukka Local Government Area, Enugu State. This is following the announcement by the Enugu State Independent Electoral Commission, ENSIEC, that local government election will be held in the State by February 29, 2020. Chief Mike Ajogu (SAN) Chairman of ENSIEC had directed political parties in the state to draw up time tables for their primaries, which must hold between Jan. 15 and Jan. 22, 2020 and result forwarded to ENSIEC. Also Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State had on December 4th dissolved chairmen of 17 LG councils in the State following the expiration of their two-year tenure on December 4, 2019. Ugwuanyi directed the chairmen to hand over to the most senior civil servant in their local government councils. DAILY POST gathered that the immediate past chairman of Nsukka council, Hon. Patrick Omeje, also a member of the PDP, is seeking a second term. However, Onyeke, the pioneer representative of Enugu North Senatorial Zone in National Youth Parliament, said in Nsukka on Thursday that a time had come to make the council work. He said having being a loyal party member and contributed in various ways to the progress of the party, he had confidence he would be elected as the PDP candidate for Nsukka local government in the February polls. “I am convinced that party members will massively vote for me having known my various contributions, as well as my leadership qualities. “I have decided to contest for the chairmanship to help take development to the grassroots, which is the reason local government was created. “As a youth leader and activist, I have impacted positively on the lives of many youths, as well as people who have come in contact with,”he said. The founder of EYGA said he consulted widely and had the support of many stakeholders in Nsukka local government who know his good track record. According to him, “In a few days time, I and my supporters will go to Nsukka PDP party office to officially declare my intention to contest PDP LG chairmanship primary that will be conducted in January.” When contacted Mr. Fabian Onah, the PDP Chairman in Nsukka LGA said every party member had the right to contest for any elective position. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.