President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday in Abuja said that he knows that Nigerians understand and sympathises with him. Buhari also said that the passing year 2019 was a very successful year for the nation. “We thank God. It has been a very successful year, relative to the composition of this country, both politically and ethnically,” the President told residents of the Federal Capital Territory, led by the Minister, Mohammed Bello, during the traditional Christmas Day homage. The delegation was comprising religious, traditional and political leaders as well top civil servants and members of the press. “You are our eyes and ears, we have to listen to you and I hope you are encouraging your constituencies that this leadership means well and is concerned about them,” Buhari added. Buhari said his administration would continue to do the utmost best to effectively utilise national resources to rebuild the country. The President expressed confidence that in the last four years the Federal Government had recorded sustainable progress in mobilising resources to rebuild infrastructure across the country. He continued, “This administration sincerely believes that if you get infrastructure right, most Nigerians will mind their own businesses. They may not even care who is in government. “But when you deny them infrastructural facilities then there is nothing they can do. “But I can assure you that I thank Nigerians very much from the bottom of my heart. “When I travelled to all the 36 states before the elections, what I personally observed and the number of Nigerians that turned up in every State to see and listen to me, are more than what anybody can pay or force. “What I saw made me believe that the majority of Nigerians understand and sympathize with me. “I swore to hold this office in accordance with the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and God willing, I will follow the system diligently to the end of my term and I hope history will be kind to me and Nigerians.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.