The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described the Supreme Court’s affirmation of the election of Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde and Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom State, as inevitable triumph of the will of the people over undemocratic individuals seeking to forcefully take control of their states. PDP said the judgment, which came despite the lies, schemes, and machination by those who viciously sought to suppress the verdict of the ballot box and appropriate the states for their selfish purposes, also showcased the popularity of the two governors in the two states. In a statement by its spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan, PDP said the outburst of jubilations in Oyo and Akwa Ibom States further confirms that the verdict of the judgement is in consonance with the expectation of the people, who freely gave their mandates to Governors Seyi Makinde and Udom Emmanuel. The statement reads: “The jubilation also manifests the joy of the people given the demonstrated capacity and commitment by the two governors in delivering good governance in all sectors of life in their states. “In Akwa-Ibom, the people are proud of Governor Emmanuel’s record of achievements in critical sectors including, manufacturing, education, healthcare, aviation, agriculture, tourism as well as his unique industrialization initiatives for the benefit of the citizens. “In Oyo State, the people are overjoyed by Governor Makinde’s novel development initiatives that have stabilized and repositioned the state for greater productivity in key sectors including education, healthcare, public service reforms, security, infrastructural development and economic empowerment, which has made a huge difference in the life of the people of Oyo state.” The PDP urged the governors as well as other officials elected and appointed on its platform to continue in their selfless service to the people, a fact that has remained the marked difference between them and those elected on the platform of other political parties. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.