As borders across Nigeria remained closed, Operatives of the Nigerian Navy, Forward Operating Base, Ibaka in Mbo Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State, have arrested 24 suspected smugglers between November and December and seized 1,831 bags of smuggled rice from them. The Commanding Officer, FOB, Captain Peter Yilme represented by Lt. Commander Kabiru Yusuf, the Base Operations Officer disclosed this while handing over the suspects to the Nigeria Customs Service. He noted that the arrests were made in four different operations by Naval operatives on routine patrol in their gunboats. Five wooden boats used by the suspects in smuggling the rice from Cameroon were also seized during the operation. He reiterated the determination of the Base to reduce the rate of illegal trade along the nation’s waterways in line with the directives of the Chief of Naval Staff, Ibok Ekwe Ibas. “On behalf of the Commanding Officer, Captain Peter Yilme, I handover 1,831 bags of rice and 24 suspects to the Superintendent of Customs, Dauda. Garba,” he said. The Superintendent of Nigeria Customs Service, Ibaka, Garuba, who received the 24 suspects and 1,831 bags of rice said, “On behalf of the border drill team, I, Superintendent of Customs, Dawuda A. Garba do hereby take over as stipulated in the handover notes”. One of the suspects, Etim Edet, a boat worker from Adadia in Uruan local government area, Akwa Ibom state, said he was not given clear description on what he was going to carry. He said he was told to bring in fish from Cameroon and not rice. Edet, a father of six children explained that it was when the rice was loaded into the boat that he realised he was to carry rice and not fish as he was told. “I am a boat driver and carried rice from Cameroon to Nigeria. I don’t know that bringing in rice from Cameroon is wrong, this is my first time. I ply my trade in Esio, Adadia. “I was told that I will be carrying fish but when I went, I saw them load rice into the boat. Since I am not the owner of the boat, I don’t know that they planned to carry rice with it,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.