The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has deployed 39, 450 personnel to man various highways across the country to curb accidences in the ember period. In a statement made available to DAILY POST on Tuesday by the Public Relations Officer of the Federal Road Safety Corps, Cross River State Command, Ikpi Esuku, a total of 39,450 of its personnel have been deployed to roads in Nigeria. He said besides the Special Marshals, 806 patrol vehicles, 120 Ambulances, 204 motorbikes, and 27 tow trucks have been deployed to designated routes as part of measures to ensure sanity on the nation’s highways, during this year’s Christmas and end of the year celebrations. Mr Esuku explained that the Corps Public Education Officer, Bisi Kazeem has revealed that the special patrol which is scheduled to hold from now on to 19 January 2020 entails 24 hours enforcement along major highways. He said that FRSC will embark on robust public enlightenment campaigns across the nation, prompt rescue/recovery services, stakeholder collaboration, Road Safety Observatory, uninterrupted motorized patrol, day time route lining, traffic control, operation of Mobile Courts, activation of high alert on internal and external medical facilities, establishment of road camps and help areas, aerial surveillance, and purposeful synergy with other security agencies. “To achieve the aforementioned, the Corps Marshal, Dr. Boboye Oyeyemi has directed that the 2019 Ember Months campaign be targeted at enforcement on critical offences, such as; excessive speeding, dangerous driving, tyre violation, lane indiscipline, road obstruction, use of phone while driving, overloading violation, seatbelt use violation, child safety, passengers manifest violation, mechanically deficient vehicles, and unlatched container carrying vehicles. “Kazeem stated that part of this nationwide special operation is the massive deployment of personnel and logistics along 52 designated critical corridors and black spots such as Lokoja-Benin-Auchi, Abaji-Lokoja, Abuja-Keffi-Akwanga-HawanKibo-Jos, Minna-Birnin-Kebbi-Sokoto-Gusau-Funtua-Zaria, Potiskum-Damaturu, Kabba and Udi-Orji River-Awka-Owo, Ibadan-Ogere-Sagamu, Abuja-Airport Road-Giri and Opi-Junction-Nike-Enugu Highways among others identified for this exercise”. “Similarly, the Corps has identified the following alternative routes that can be used by motorists to ease traffic flow: Lokoja-Kabba-Ayere-Akunu-Ise Junction-Ileare-Ado Ekiti-Ilesha, Lokoja-Kabba-Ayere, Lokoja-Okene-Ogori Magongo-Owo, 9th Mile-Udi-Oji River-Ufuma-Umunze, Bauchi-Alkaleri-Kaltungo, and Kaduna-Kachji-Kwoi-Manchok. “Others are Keffi-Nasarawa-Toto-Abaji-Lokoja, Lagos-Ikorodu-Sagamu, Lekki-Epe-Ijebu Ode, Sango Ota-Ifo-Abeokuta, Dutse Alhaji-Bwari-Jere, and Dutse Alhaji-Bwari-Kwoi-Kafanchan-Jos. “According to Kazeem, the Corps Marshal has directed Commanding Officers to ensure adequate deployment of logistics and operational materials within their Commands to aid the campaign. The Operational Materials are: Patrol Vehicles, Advance Life Support Ambulances, Heavy Duty Tow trucks, Medium and Light-duty tow trucks, Patrol Motor Bikes, Extricating Machines, Reflective Jackets, Traffic cones, Patrolites, Radar Guns, Breathalyzer, Cameras, e-tablets, Alcolizers, Walkie-Talkie, and CUG mobile phones. . “Motorists are also warned to ensure strict compliance with all traffic rules and regulations as well as proper maintenance of their vehicles. Passengers are equally enjoined to monitor their drivers over reckless driving, driving under the influence of alcohol and other road vices”. Esuku said in case of any emergency, members of the public should call the toll free telephone line 122 and 070022553772 or tune in to the National Traffic Radio 107.1FM and call 08052998090, 09067000015, or visit the social media handles; Facebook TrafficRadio1, Twitter; @TrafficRadio1, Instagram: TrafficRadio1 for prompt response. The FRSC Corps Marshal wishes all road users a crash-free and joyful Yuletide. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.