Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Ahmed Lawan-led reconciliation committee set up by the All Progressives Congress to resolve the lingering crisis rocking the party in Edo State has been rejected by the Governor Godwin Obaseki-led government. The Edo State government rejected the committee on the grounds that some of its members are people of “interests in the crisis rocking the ruling party.” This was contained in a statement signed by the State Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Paul Ohonbamu, and the spokesperson to the state governor, Crusoe Osagie. 2. Matawalle Jamilu Zannah and Bilyaminu Shinkafi, Commissioners for Higher Education and Science and Technology respectively in Zamfara, have resigned their positions. They tendered their resignations barely two weeks after they were inaugurated. Speaking to journalists on Saturday in Gusau, the state capital, Zannah hinged his resignation on Matawalle’s “high-handedness” and failed campaign promises. 3. Edo State Governor, Mr Godwin Obaseki, has alleged that in 2016, the suspended National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Mr Adams Oshiomhole, picked the next state governor, the deputy, the Secretary to the State Government and also compiled the list of commissioners in his living room. This was contained in a statement by the Special Adviser to Obaseki on Media and Communication Strategy, Mr Crusoe Osagie. 4. The United States, US, has placed Nigeria under a special watch list. A statement by the US Secretary of State, Michael Pompeo explained that Nigeria was placed on the list for engaging in or tolerating “severe violations of religious freedom.” US in the statement issued on Friday also designated Boko Haram as an Entity of Particular Concern alongside al-Nusra Front, al-Qa’ida in the Arabian Peninsula, al-Qa’ida, al-Shabab, the Houthis, ISIS, ISIS-Khorasan and the Taliban 5. The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has accused the Cross River State Governor, Prof Ben Ayade, of not showing concern over the kidnap of its Chairman, Comrade Ben Ukpepi. This was in a WhatsApp message forwarded to the Permanent Secretary in charge of security, Governor’s Office, Calabar, Dr Alfred Mboto on Saturday by the Vice Chairman of NLC Comrade Lawrence Achuta who regretted Mr. Ayade’s inaction. NLC said that with the development, it can no longer guarantee industrial peace in the state. 6. A police Inspector at Dutsen Alhaji, Kubwa in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja Saturday shot dead a Corporal and also injured a Deputy Superintendent of Police, before committing suicide by shooting himself. The incident caused confusion in the ever-busy Dutsen. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday in Abuja held bilateral talks with some leaders of Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) over the recommendations on the proposed single currency regime for the sub-region and other sundry issues. The meetings were held on the sideline of the ongoing 56th Ordinary Session of the ECOWAS Authority of Heads of State and Government. Buhari met President Alassane Ouattara of Cote d’Ivoire, Patrick Talon of Benin Republic, Julius Maada Bio of Sierra Leone, George Weah of Liberia and Rock Marc Kabore of Burkina Faso. 8. Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa, the Chairman of Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NiDC), on Saturday said the commission was seeking an amendment of the Electoral Law to enable more than 20 million Nigerians living abroad to vote in Nigeria’s general election. She made this known in Ado-Ekiti at the celebration of the 2019 Ekiti Diaspora Homecoming Reception, organised by the state government. 9. Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has reacted to a statement by elder statesman and former Chief of Army Staff, Gen Theophilus Danjuma (rtd), on the state of the nation, urging Nigerians and Igbos to immediately make decisions on the division of the country. He alleged that the ‘Fulanis’ will continue to rule Nigeria because they own the military, INEC and the judiciary. He said further that Danjuma’s statement has confirmed his claims on Buhari’s death. 10. The Nigeria Immigration Service on Saturday said it will ensure its personnel undergo a drug test to determine their mental state during official duties. The Comptroller-General of NIS, Muhammad Babandede, disclosed this at the passing-out parade of the third Conversion Course of 509 officers at the Immigration Training School, Kano. He explained that as an agency of government empowered to use arms in the protection of Nigeria’s borders, it was imperative to address drug abuse in the service. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.