The combined troops of 68/94 Battalions of Operation LAFIYA DOLE deployed at Malam Fatori in Abadam LGA of Borno State conducted an aggressive fighting patrol to a location earlier reported by the Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) mission conducted by the Air Task Force of Operation LAFIYA DOLE as harbouring some activities of the Boko Haram criminal elements. A statement from Colonel Aminu Iliyasu, Nigerian Army Operations Media Coordinator Monday said, the troops successfully uncovered the enclave and proceeded to engage it with devastating volumes of fire. Without any attempt to return fire, the cowardly criminals scampered into the nearby bushes in complete disarray. The statement also reads: “Subsequently, the troops immediately embarked on an exploitation of this success by pursuing them along their withdrawal route. “During the said exploitation, troops discovered the body of one Boko Haram terrorist and further observed several trails of blood along the said route. “Additionally, 2 AK 47 Rifles, 2 AK 47 Rifle magazines loaded with 30 rounds of 7.62mm Special ammunition each, 3 unexploded Mortar bombs for making of Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) were captured from the insurgents. “Other items equally captured include, one bundle of IED cable, one IED battery, one camel bag, 3 motorcycles, 3 sets of overall cloths, bedding materials, cooking utensils, food items, motorcycle spare parts, 122 cylinder tubes and various mechanical tools. “It could be recalled that, in a related development, the criminal Boko Haram elements suffered a similar defeat in the hands of the troops of 144 Battalion deployed at Limankara in Gwoza LGA of Borno State during a failed attempt to infiltrate the troops’ location. “During the exploitation exercise that followed the brief fire fight with the marauding criminals, the troops discovered burnt body parts of 3 Boko Haram criminals hit by a Rocket Propelled Grenade bomb explosion as well as some broken AK 47 Rifle parts and traces of blood along the criminal’s’ withdrawal route. “Also troops of 101 Task Force Battalion deployed at Cross Kauwa in Kukawa LGA of Borno State made contact with some marauding Boko Haram criminals while conducting Clearance Operations along Cross Kauwa – Monguno Road. “The visibly shaken Boko Haram criminals who evidently couldn’t stand the troops superiority fled for safety. Nevertheless, the unrelenting troops went on a hot pursuit and arrested 2 of the criminals. “In another development troops of 68/94 Battalions deployed at Malam Fatori in Abadam LGA of Borno State conducted a successful ambush at a Boko Haram criminals crossing point North East of the town and neutralised one Boko Haram criminal while many others escaped with varying degrees of gunshot wounds. “However, the troops recovered some vandalised roofing sheets, 33 IED detonator cords and other IED making materials. Preliminary investigation revealed that the criminals are part of IED laying party along the route. “In another successful ambush operation conducted by the troops of 21 Special Armoured Brigade at Darel Jamel, Bama LGA of Borno State, the troops neutralised one Boko Haram terrorist while several others escaped with gunshot wounds. “Same troops also conducted a robust clearance operation same day and cleared Boko Haram criminals’ hideouts at Mantari, Malam Masari and Gabchari Villages in Bama LGA of Borno State. “During the Operation, troops neutralised one Boko Haram criminal and destroyed all discovered terrorists enclaves within the area. It is gratifying to note that, the troops also rescued 31 persons comprising 14 women and 17 children from the insurgents. “In a related development, a Boko Haram member, Abba Modu, voluntarily surrendered to the troops of 3 Battalion (Main) deployed at Gamboru in Ngala LGA of Borno State. Preliminary investigation revealed that he joined the sect in 2015 and was a member of Mamman Nur group. “He also disclosed that he actively participated in rustling cattle for the sect. He however declared that he regretted his past actions and called on his former colleagues to use this opportunity to surrender to authorities so that they do not perish as sinners. “The Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Yusufu Buratai has therefore commended the troops for the exceptional display of gallantry, professionalism and responsiveness. “He however admonishes them to remain resilient and continue to mount pressure on the Boko Haram/Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP) criminal elements as their end is obviously in sight. “ Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.