A former Minister of Information, Prince Tony Momoh has reacted to the alleged face-off between Adams Oshiomhole, National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, and the Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki over who is the leader of the party in the state. Momoh, a former National Chairman of the defunct Congress for Progressives Change, CPC, insisted that Oshiomhole had no business interfering in the affairs of APC in Edo State because Obaseki was the leader of the party. Speaking with Daily Independent, Momoh disclosed that by the constitution of APC, Obaseki was the leader of the party in the state and not Oshiomhole. Stating that the sole responsibility of organising task, and funding of the party rest on Obaseki, Momoh called on Oshiomhole to focus on his task at the national level. He said: “Oshiomhole is the national chairman of APC. In states where we have a governor, the head of the party or chief executive officer of the party in the state is the governor. That is the structure of APC. So, I don’t think Oshiomhole and Governor Obaseki are at loggerheads. “Obaseki is the Chief Executive Officer of the party in Edo State according to our structure. He organises the party, funds the party and so on. I believe Oshiomhole is not claiming to be the party leader or chairman of APC in Edo State, because he is not. “As national chairman, he has his hands full at the national level so what will he be doing in Edo state? He has no business in the organisation of the party in Edo state. “I know some people who are trying to cause crisis in Edo state are doing so in the name of Oshiomhole but I don’t think Oshiomhole can be advised to champion anybody’s cause in Edo state because he has so many things to do at the national level.” A former Minister of Information, Prince Tony Momoh has reacted to the alleged face-off between Adams Oshiomhole, National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, and the Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki over who is the leader of the party in the state. Momoh, a former National Chairman of the defunct Congress for Progressives Change, CPC, insisted that Oshiomhole has no business interfering in the affairs of APC in Edo State because Obaseki was the leader of the party. Speaking with Daily Independent, Momoh disclosed that by the constitution of APC, Obaseki was the leader of the party in the state and not Oshiomhole. Stating that the sole responsibility of organising task, and funding of the party rest on Obaseki, Momoh called on Oshiomhole to focus on his task at the national level. He said: “Oshiomhole is the national chairman of APC. In states where we have a governor, the head of the party or chief executive officer of the party in the state is the governor. That is the structure of APC. So, I don’t think Oshiomhole and Governor Obaseki are at loggerheads. “Obaseki is the Chief Executive Officer of the party in Edo State according to our structure. He organises the party, funds the party and so on. I believe Oshiomhole is not claiming to be the party leader or chairman of APC in Edo State, because he is not. “As national chairman, he has his hands full at the national level so what will he be doing in Edo state? He has no business in the organisation of the party in Edo state”. “ I know some people who are trying to cause crisis in Edo state are doing so in the name of Oshiomhole but I don’t think Oshiomhole can be advised to champion anybody’s cause in Edo state because he has so many things to do at the national level.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.