Ahead of the January 25, 2020 rerun elections in Essien Udim Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom Udim Local Government Area Of Akwa Ibom State, the state chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party PDP, Obong Paul, said the party’s doors are open to opposition members desiring to join or re-join the party. Obong Ekpo at a press conference at the party’s Secretariat on Monday, said that there would be no segregation or discrimination. According to him, “As the Chairman of our great party, I will reiterate the fact that the doors of our party are open for all those seeking or desiring to join us afresh, or those returning home after a sojourn in strange political lands. “We can assure them that there will be no segregation or discrimination, as we are all one in the Akwa Ibom project. I hereby direct all ward and chapter chairmen to create receptive environment for those intending to join us. “Again, as I had earlier intimated, our party structure in Essien Udim have been fully energized and ready for the court-ordered rerun coming up next year. “We have, as usual, invited the God that gave us victory before to take us to this electoral battle and grant us success. Our candidates must knock on all doors, talk to the electorates, campaign extensively and get ready to win.” He also congratulated the members of the national and state assemblies, especially the governor on their success at the Appeal and Supreme courts, reminding them not to slack on their duties “There will be no excuse for poor performance, therefore, all our candidates must strive to deliver creditably on their mandate, conscious that their scorecard will affect the future chances of our party. “We appeal to members of the opposition to accept the unity call of the Governor and contribute ideas, mobilize physical and spiritual support for the Governor in his second and last term. “The mantle of leadership has been handed back to Governor Udom Emmanuel to complete his full season of two terms and we join him in extending the olive branch to all our friends from other political parties, to join hearts, heads and hands with him to build an Akwa Ibom of our dreams,” the statement read in parts. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.