As part of activities to mark this year’s Christmas, T Pumpy Concept, developers of T Pumpy Estate, during the weekend distributed bags of rice and other gift items to its subscribers, marketers and staff. The CEO, Akintayo Aderalegbe, who spoke during the distribution exercise, lauded his subscribers, marketers and staff for keeping faith with them.  He said the distribution was done to celebrate with Christians who are marking the birth of Jesus Christ. He recalled that such gesturer was extended to Muslim folks during the last Sallah celebration.  Speaking further, Mr. Aderalegbe said 2019 was a great for the company while looking forward to a better and prosperous 2020. While wishing them a memorable Christmas and New Year in advance, the CEO boss reminded Nigerian that the Abuja for All Promo is still on.  Mr. Adaralegbe said the promo, which kicked off on October 1, would end on December 31, 2019. The promo, he said would afford interested subscribers opportunity to move to site after making 50% down payment and can spread the balance in six months by installments.  The promo comes in three different categories viz. Platinum, Gold and Silver. According to him, “The silver package, which goes for N1.7m and 400SQm allows owner to build 4/5 bedroom duplex, 4 bedroom penthouse and three bedroom bungalow.  ” Gold, which is 5000SQM and goes for N2m equally allows owner to build 4/5 bedroom duplex, 4 bedroom penthouse and three bedroom bungalow. “The Platinum package, which is 600SQM at the rate of N2.3m also allows owner to build 4/5 bedroom duplex, 4 bedroom penthouse and three bedroom bungalow.  ” Note that all packages come with outright payment or six months payment plan,” he added. The T-Pumpy Concept team have decades of providing industry-acclaimed off-site home designs and constructions. Whether you’re interested in a manufactured home or an innovative modular design, the T-Pumpy Concept team continues to deliver what home buyers are looking for in their new homes along with the quality construction they expect and deserve.  Office address: House 23, (F) Road, Beside RCCG Resurrection Parish, FHA Lugbe, Abuja. Follow us on our social media platforms. Insagram: T.pumpy_estates Facebook: Tpumpy Estates YouTube : T.pumpy Estates Website: http://tpumpyconcept.com WhatsApp/call: 09054545468 or 09023333380 Watch clips below. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.