The Oloko Ruling House of Ibese, in Yewa North Local Government Area of Ogun State on Monday, took to the streets to protest alleged imposition of an Oba on the community. The protesters stormed the Oke-Mosan office of the Governor with different placards, bearing inscriptions, asking for the respect of due process and Ibese Obaship Declaration of 1957. Speaking on behalf of the ruling house, the Asiwaju of Ibeseland, Dr. Hezy Idowu, who addressed the government representatives alleged that some powerful people in Ibeseland were threatening the peace of the land by subverting the process. Dr Idowu alleged that the Secretary to Ogun State Government, Tokunbo Talabi, was behind those working against the choice of the people. He informed that the sole Obaship candidate of Oloko Ruling House was one Prince Azeez Adedimeji Idowu. He spoke further that one Rotimi Mulero has been parading himself as the Oba-Elect of Ibese land. “The ongoing contest is between the legitimate Obaship candidature of Prince Azeez Adedimeji Idowu, whose nomination was strictly guided by the 1957 Ibese Chieftaincy Declaration, and the illegitimate candidacy of Rotimi Mulero who is barred from vying for the throne by this same declaration. “Mulero relies on the power of monetary inducement as his own preferred means of acceding to the vacant throne,” he stated. Reacting, Governor Dapo Abiodun said the vacant stool of Ibese has not been filled by the government; saying the State has not approved the selection of any Monarch in the town. Gov. Abiodun assured that once the Commissioners are in place, a process for the selection of the Oba will be reopened and would follow due process. Speaking through the Permanent Secretary, Minister of Local Government and Chieftancy Affairs, Kunle Osota, Abiodun said whoever is parading himself as an Oba-Elect is doing such at his own volition, adding that the process would be kick-started with all stakeholders in the ancient town involved. Abiodun said his mantra of justice, fairness and equity would be brought to bear in the process of selecting the new Oba. According to him, the process will involve the family doing a proper nomination in line with the 1957 declaration, the local government, kingmakers and the Ministry of Justice. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.