Nigerians have congratulated Big Brother Naija 2019 housemate, Mercy for emerging winner of the reality show.
Mercy on Sunday won the grand prize of N60million, ahead of Seyi, Frodd, Omashola and Mike. While some viewers said Mike should have won because of his amazing personality, others, however, congratulated Mercy for making history as the first female to win the reality TV show. Here are some comments DAILY POST gathered on Twitter. @adeola_bubu, “Mercy Becomes 1st Female to Win Big Brother Naija. Congrats to her.” @Funmi_forever, “@BBNaijaFans It’s obvious all along that Mercy would win after Tacha was disqualified. That 240m electronic votes is huge o, 50m in a week is serious from lazy Nigerians.” @Buztimelin, “ So Tacha fans couldn’t vote for Mike just so that Mercy doesn’t win? Fake fans only making noise on our timeline for nothing.” @Cutiswit, “I’m happy that mercy won it for the women and she played her game WELL. Buying immunity to the finale was pure gangster.” @Mike didn’t win the money. But he is a winner, WISH HIM ALL THE BEST because HE DESERVES IT AND MORE MAHN!!!Congrats to Mercy. I hope she gives Ike part of the money though. It’s only right.” @Ambadsadoriliver, “Lamborghini with a double of Mike’s vote. How was that even a contest with such numbers? Congratulations to Mercy. ” @tomifab, “See the margin!!!! that’s how you win!!, my Lamboo. People were ready to make jest of me but they failed! #BBNaijaFinale.” @Rutina57, “Two Queens were meant to be on that stage tonight. I hope women learn from this. Uplift each other up instead of tearing down yourselves. Congratulations Lambo! ” @Ckhot, “So now, I can categorically say my dream does come true. Saw it that Lambo was gonna win, but I wasn’t sure of the dream interpretation. Finally this is it. Congrats Mercy. #BBNaijaFinale.” @SemiloreAkani, “Buhari’s heart is beating fast right now, in a few minutes Nigeria will face him again.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.