Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday presented the 2020 appropriation bill before a joint session of the National Assembly. The President submitted N10.7trillion for the year 2020 budget estimates. 2. The Peoples Democratic Party has urged the National Assembly to redirect the 2020 budget to areas that would better serve the interest of majority of Nigerians. The party said the budget would further impoverish Nigerians and mortgage the future of the nation. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari has warned that any Federal Government worker not captured on the Integrated Payroll and Personnel Information System, IPPIS, by October 31 would not be paid his monthly salary. He said this was part of the FG efforts aimed at managing personnel costs in line with its fight against corruption. 4. The panel set up by the Defence Headquarters (DHQ) to unravel the circumstances surrounding the killing of three police detectives and two civilians by soldiers in Taraba State has recommended further investigation of indicted culprits. It said those indicted should be brought to book in accordance with extant laws. 5. Senator Emmanuel Bwacha representing Taraba South Senatorial district has insisted that in all fairness, the South East region of the country deserves the chance to produce the next President of Nigeria in 2023. 6. President of the Senate, Ahamd Lawan has expressed the resolve of the two chambers of the National Assembly to fast track the passage of the 2020 appropriation Bill before the end of next month. 7. Guru Maharaj Ji, a Nigerian Spiritual Leader, has advised the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP in the last election, Atiku Abubakar to accept the outcome of the election and the ruling of the Presidential Election Tribunal Court and move on. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari has said that the Finance Bill 2020 he forwarded to the National Assembly, when passed into law, will permit government to raise the country’s Value Added Tax (VAT) from 5 to 7.5 per cent. 9. The House of Reps has suspended plenary sessions from Thursday, Oct. 10 until Nov. 30 to enable its committees to pass the 2020 budget by December. Rep. Benjamin Kalu, Spokesman of the house, said that the suspension is in a bid to restore the January to December budget cycle. 10. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has welcomed the commitment of both the executive and legislative arms to ensure budget passage is returned to January-December cycle after the presentation of the 2020 Appropriation Bill to a joint session of the National Assembly on Tuesday by President Muhammadu Buhari. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.