The All Progressives Grand Alliance(APGA) in Abia state has sent an open letter to the Inspector General of Police(IGP), Mohammed Adamu over alleged intimidation of innocent citizens by agents of the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) in the state. This was made known in an open letter addressed to the IGP, Adamu and signed by the Abia state chairman of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), Hon. Nkem Okoro and the Secretary, Dr. Onyebuchi Onyegbule, which was obtained by DAILY POST, Saturday. It said, “We of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) Abia state are constrained to bring to your esteemed attention some very dangerous developments in Abia State, which pose serious threat to security of lives and property in the state, and which if not tamed, could lead to uncontrollable breakdown of law and order, as well as possible loss of innocent lives. Specifically, in the last few days, an audio recording of a phone conversation involving the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor of Abia state on General Duties, and a very close ally of the governor, Mr. Uchenna Erondu Junior, and a citizen of the state, Mr. Ogochukwu Nwaokeoma has been trending. “In the said conversation, Mr. Erondu called Mr. Nwaokeoma on phone and warned him not to henceforth, write anything against the Abia State government including salary arrears, pension arrears and other failings of the administration. Mr. Erondu went further to threaten the young man that should he go against his advice, he should be prepared to end up like Mr. Erondu’s biological elder brother, Mr. Azubuike Erondu, popularly called MOPOL who had been in police detention for weeks at the Force Headquarters in Abuja. “He went further to cite a case of one Augustine another government critic who was ruthlessly dealt with and silenced permanently. He challenged Mr. Nwaokeoma to go and make enquiries about the said Augustine. Following the threat, Mr. Nwaokeoma is reported to have gone into hiding and is unable to write his examinations as an ND2 Student of the Abia State Polytechnic Aba fearing for his life which is now in danger”. The APGA letter added, “Another case of violence coming out of Abia was an attack on an innocent woman, by name Mrs. Jane Ogbauta who recently led hundreds of women on a peaceful protest in Aba during which they made legitimate demands from government which included construction of roads, clearing the town of heaps of refuse, payment of salaries and pensions, job creation, as well as the need to fight insecurity. Agents of Abia state government are believed to be behind the violent attack on the woman and some of her members since the government had issued statements accusing members of the opposition of sponsoring the protest while condemning the woman and her members for the protest. There have also been reports of consistent threat to the life of the said woman over the peaceful protest. “Sir, there have been other numerous acts of violence and threat to lives of many innocent citizens from government quarters. History has proved that the easiest route to anarchy, especially in a democracy is when a non performing government assumes the extreme notoriety of violently shutting up the citizens from making legitimate democratic demands. We, therefore, on behalf of millions of Abia citizens who are presently in a state of panic and agitation, sincerely appeal that you use your good offices to intervene and ensure that the force is not used for vendetta against innocent citizens”. It requested that, ” You specifically cause an investigation into the circumstances surrounding the arrest and continuous detention of Mr. Azubuike Erondu (MOPOL) who had already raised an alarm over an alleged plot to poison him in detention given the disclosure from the recording that the government has a hand in his travails”. “Let us state for the records that as a political party and individuals we have a lot of confidence in the Nigerian Police Force and trust that you will do all that is necessary to rid Abia state of impunity, more so when the good name of the force is wittingly or unwittingly being dragged into it. “Thanks for your anticipated kind response, and do accept the assurances of our greatest esteem”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.