A Federal High Court Judge, Justice Simon Amobeda has remanded the Publisher of Cross River Watch in Afokang Prison, Calabar, Cross River State capital. Amobeda, however, adjourned the case to Friday, October 4, 2019, for ruling on the bail application of the journalist and rights activists, Mr. Agba Jalingo, who is facing trial for alleged treason, terrorism and attempt to topple the Cross River State Government. The Court, DAILY POST gathered would also rule on the preliminary objection on the bail application filed by the prosecution counsel, Mr. Dennis Tarhemba. The counsel for Agba Jalingo, Mr. Attah Ochinke said he relied on the motion and further affidavit filed, maintaining that section 161 sub section 2 of the Administration of Criminal Justice act demanded that the suspect be admitted for bail. Jalingo who wore a T-shirt with the inscription “Every Free Society Has A Journalist” is to be remanded in Prison custody till the next Court date. Meanwhile, Tarhemba while reacting to the Court proceedings averred that: “What was done today is just argument of both counsel as to the bail of the defendant and the matter has been adjourned to the fourth day of this month.” When pressed if he was satisfied with the legal proceedings so far, he said, “What I have done today is part of my legal practice which I have done. I am not empowered to judge what has been done; it is left to the Court.” One of Jalingo’s Counsels, Mr. James Ibor told journalists that he was happy with the proceedings of the day. “I am very impressed that finally the Court has taken our application for bail. We can only be hopeful that it will go on our way,” Ibor said. He posited: “The issue of bail is at the discretion of Court. So, if it doesn’t go in our favour, there is no cause for alarm. We will go ahead with the hearing.” Jalingo was arrested in his Lagos residence by men attached to the Intelligence Response Team of the Nigerian Police on August 22, 2019, a few days to the rescheduled interview date in respect to a petition bothering on his article which sought the whereabouts of the N500 million approved and released for the floating of the Cross River State Microfinance bank. He has spent 34 days in Police detention and was arraigned on September 25, 2019 where he pleaded not guilty to the four charges preferred against him. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.