Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Jemgbagh Youth Alliance, JYA, on Tuesday called on President Muhammadu Buhari and leadership of the All Progressives Congress, APC, to probe the Minister of Special Duties, George Akume. JYA explained that Buhari should probe Akume over his alleged handling of N2bn campaign fund of the APC in Benue State.
In a statement by its President, Ternenge Bendega, JYA claimed that the money was to be used in ensuring that the State Governor, Samuel Ortom lost the 2019 election. 2. A Lagos High Court in Ikeja, on Tuesday ordered the Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Mudashiru Obasa to appear before it in connection with the ongoing probe of procurement of 820 buses by the administration of former Governor of the State, Mr. Akinwunmi Ambode. In an order dated 29th October, 2019 issued by Justice Y.A Adesanya after hearing a motion ex-parte moved by Ambode’s lawyer, Tayo Oyetibo (SAN), other defendants ordered to appear before the court are House Clerk, Mr A.A Sanni, Chairman of the Ad hoc Committee set up by the House to probe the procurement, Fatai Mojeed and members of the Committee. 3. The House of Representatives has resolved to mandate its committee on Emergency and Disaster Preparedness to investigate the immediate and remote causes of the recent fire outbreak in Onitsha, Anambra State. This resolution followed a motion of urgent public importance moved by Okwudili Ezenwankwo and 2 others on Tuesday. 4. Nigeria’s Minister of Information, Lai Mohammed, has said the federal government is working on regulating social media. According to Mohammed, the reforms that will be implemented by the committee, are recommendations approved by President Muhammadu Buhari. 5. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has approved N19.18 billion to boost economic activities in the country’s garment and textile industry. Mr Godwin Emefiele, the CBN Governor disclosed this at the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with some critical stakeholders of Cotton, Textile and Garment (CTG) sub-sector in Abuja on Tuesday. Emefiele explained that the approval was for retooling the processing plants of nine ginneries across the country, and provide them with improved access to finance at single digit interest rate. 6. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Kogi State on Tuesday raised an alarm over alleged invasion of Abocho in Dekina Local Government Area of the state by police officers from the State Command. The party alleged that the state government in agreement with the SARS Commander in the state, Ibrahim Babagana led notorious thugs into Abocho in Dekina and some other areas of Kogi East, where they arrested and brutalised its members. 7. The Court of Appeal, Enugu Division, on Tuesday, affirmed the election of Sen. Ifeanyi Ubah of Young Progressive Party (YPP) as Senator representing Anambra South. Justice I.M. Salawu in two separate judgments dismissed the appeals filed by Chief Chris Ubah of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Sen. Andy Ubah of the All Progressives Congress (APC). 8. A Federal High Court in Abuja adjourned until Wednesday to rule in an application by the EFCC to allow a principal witness to testify via video link in the alleged N40 billion fraud case against former Governor of Adamawa, Murtala Nyako and others. Justice Okon Abang adjourned to rule in an application by EFCC seeking the court’s permission to allow its witness, one Mr Kobis, who is abroad, to give evidence via video link. 9. A prosecution witness, Mr Shehu Shuaibu, on Tuesday told a Federal High Court in Lagos that N800 million was paid from the Ministry of External Affairs into the account of a company, Jointrust Dimension Ltd. An investigator with the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), gave evidence at the resumed trial of a former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode, and some others facing N4.6 billion money laundering charge. 10. Nigeria, on Tuesday night, defeated Ecuador 3-2 to qualify for the round of 16, at the ongoing FIFA U-17 World Cup in Brazil. The Golden Eaglets had produced a thrilling display, to see off Hungary 4-2 in their opening fixture. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.