What does it take to run a successful startup? That was the biggest question at Nexford University’s latest open day in Lagos, on September 21, where more than 300 rising entrepreneurs, creatives and thought leaders came together to discuss themes shaping global business. Panellist and serial entrepreneur Banky W, shared his biggest piece of advice: “As an entrepreneur, your idea should create a system that works with or without you. Learn the skills to build a company that is systematic, and not based on any one person. That way, your idea can scale, create jobs and add enormous value to society.” Nexford, based in Washington DC, equips learners with business and entrepreneurship skills, with the aim of driving change in their communities. The university aims to improve social and economic mobility and drive national jobs growth. People attending the open day grappled with major topics, including startup success, personal branding, and leadership. They also questioned what it takes to bridge the gap between university education and jobs. “The nature of work is changing, and higher education needs to change with it. But many graduates lack the skills they need to succeed,” Nexford’s VP of Academic Innovation, Dr Robin Johnston, said at the event. “Nexford’s highly practical programs mean graduates can achieve their goals, whether that’s succeeding in their jobs, or starting their own business.” Dr Johnston was joined by several experts, including Banky W (award-winning actor/singer and entrepreneur), Olubunmi Adefisayo (Head of Training, Teach for Nigeria), David Mbelu (Senior Consultant, Jobberman Consulting) and Afua Osei (Founder, She Leads Africa). “There were a lot of inspiring, high-profile speakers today, including Banky W. My biggest takeaway was how to build a great business. In Nigeria, entrepreneurs need to learn to scale their business, and implement systems that produce results,” said Precious Ajayi, a current Nexford learner. Nigeria Country Manager, Olamidun Majekodunmi, shared her tips for entrepreneurs, based on her experience at Nexford and as Founder of the Performing Arts School of Nigeria. Open day attendees pitched for their chance at a university scholarship, on stage in front of a panel of judges. Twenty-seven of the most creative, passionate and technically minded people were awarded partial scholarships to take their career to the next level. Nexford’s programs include MBA, Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), AAS in Business, or business courses and certificates. Their next-generation programs teach important skills, such as leadership and teamwork, and learners can choose to specialize in areas like AI and sustainability. Nexford is working with the Lagos State Employment Trust Fund and other entities to improve employment in the region. If you’re a budding leader, apply for a Nexford’s Entrepreneurship Scholarship to get your MBA or BBA degree at a discount. Visit their website to learn more. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.