Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari has returned to Abuja after a three-day official visit to South Africa. While in South Africa, the Nigerian leader held a bilateral meeting with his South African counterpart, Cyril Ramaphosa. The two African leaders also co-chaired the inaugural meeting of the 9th Bi-National Commission at the seat of government, Union Building, Pretoria. 2. Nigerian Government has signed a €70million financing bilateral agreement with the Republic of Germany. The agreement was on sustainable economic development, renewable energy, polio eradication, internally-displaced persons and host communities in northern Nigeria, education, peace and security. 3. The President of South Africa, Cyril Ramaphosa, has noted that the relationship between his country and Nigeria was anchored on mutual respect, solidarity and understanding. Ramaphosa also said that without Nigeria, South Africa’s freedom would come at a much greater cost. He said South Africa will never forget the great debt it owes Nigeria and will never allow the lawless actions of a few to undermine the bonds of friendship between people of the two nations. 4. The National Assembly is currently under security threat as the body and luggage scanners at the Complex’s entrances have stopped working. The equipment stopped functioning during the parliament’s two-month annual recess. 5. Suspected gunmen have killed about nine soldiers during a retaliatory attack on the security men in Sunke village, Anka local government area of Zamfara State. The gunmen in their dozens on motorcycles arrived the village and began shooting sporadically towards where soldiers were stationed in the village leading to the death of about nine of them. 6. The Federal High Court has granted bail to the convener of #RevolutionNow protest, Omoyele Sowore, and his co-defendant, Olawale Bakare in the sum of N100m and two sureties in like sum. They are, however, barred from addressing any rally. While Sowore was barred from traveling out of Abuja, Bakare was barred from traveling out of Osogbo. 7. The Emir of Argungu, a first class monarch in Kebbi State and foremost traditional ruler, Alhaji Samaila Muhammed Mera, has warned that Nigeria risks another devastating civil war if the calls for the country’s breakup are not halted. He said the nation was better off as one entity. 8. A former presidential aspirant of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), Prof. Iyorwuese Hagher has said that 2023 will make or mar Nigeria. He said the South East deserve to be President of Nigeria and should be president only when they are prepared to negotiate with others. He said they should be considered when they are ready to organise their leaders to act with dignity and not with mercenary spirit as well as when they can rein in their hubris and discipline their youths. 9. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Friday made an intervention of $311.5million in the retail Secondary Market Intervention Sales (SMIS) and CNY 15million in the spot and short-tenored forwards segment of the inter-bank foreign market. 10. Before his return to Abuja on Friday, President Muhammadu Buhari told Nigerians living in South Africa that the recent acts of xenophobic attacks in the country was shocking to him. Buhari advised all Nigerians in the Diaspora to always remember their country with skills, resources, and talents, and work towards living decent and dignified lives that bring honour to their fatherland. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.