Former Arsenal midfielder, Charlie Nicholas, has backed his former team to secure a convincing victory over Standard Liege in the Europa League and expects Manchester United to beat AZ Alkmaar. Arsenal and United drew 1-1 in the Premier League on Monday and both will be looking to maintain their perfect record in Europe on Thursday evening. The Gunners welcome Belgian side Standard Liege to the Emirates, while United travel to Holland to face AZ. “Arsenal vs Standard Liege: This is another game to use the young talent. I would not expect Standard Liege to be great travellers, but they will try to counter-attack. “When the Arsenal youngsters get a lot of the ball it suits them, that is what they are taught. “I am expecting a change of goalkeepers and Rob Holding and Hector Bellerin to start. Kieran Tierney didn’t play at Old Trafford so he could be involved. “Joe Willock, Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli are busting their gut to make a regular claim for the first team, and a convincing win for Arsenal in the Europa League is a good place to start. Arsenal 3-0 Standard Liege,” Nicholas told Sky Sports. On AZ Alkmaar vs Manchester United, he said: “It is a game-by-game situation for Manchester United at the moment. You would normally think Man United would blow these away. “From his interviews, it seems as though Ole Gunnar Solskjaer wants to get something out, and it is probably anger and frustration. “He can’t do that with the young players as he needs them and they have not let him down but he can’t do it with the older players as they will want to leave if it gets too much. “What does he do to get more out of them? The confidence seems to have gone and individuals are playing for their own reputation and not the team. Dutch sides are technically good; these will be dangerous and have a go. “You still would have thought that United would be too strong for them. It will not be inspiring but it will be a very important result for them. AZ Alkmaar 0-1 Manchester United.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.