Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Aisha Buhari, Nigeria’s First Lady, has been given new set of aides by President Muhammadu Buhari with immediate effect. Aisha has also apologised to her children, immediate family members and Nigerians over the embarrassment that an online videos had caused. 2. The meeting between Labour and Federal Government on the consequential adjustment of the N30.000 national minimum wage is to continuing (today) Thursday, October 17, 2019, as both parties could not reach a conclusive stand on the matter. The meeting, which was earlier adjourned on Tuesday night for Wednesday after both the government and labour shifted grounds on their positions, ended at 2am on Thursday. 3. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has said the decision of the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration to further squeeze Nigerians by imposing a N5,000 fee for national identity card is repressive. The party in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, said it rejected the decision. 4. The Federal Government has deported seven Koreans for life, the Nigerian Immigration Service has said. The Comptroller General of Nigeria Immigration Service, Muhammad Babandede, carried out the deportation following the approval of the Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola. 5. The Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari, on Wednesday approved N5.4 billion for construction of oil and gas parks and indoor shooting range. 6. The Senate Committee on Public Accounts yesterday faulted the style of President Muhammadu Buhari’s fight against corruption, noting that it allows corruption to happen before sending the EFCC or the ICPC after the culprits. It, therefore, recommended that the audit system be digitalised to check corruption and the drudgery associated with tons of papers. 7. The Federal Government on Wednesday expressed concerns about its ability to get $62 billion claims as arrears of profits due from 1998 under the production sharing contracts (PSCs) between the Nigerian National Petroleum corporation (NNPC) and its joint venture partners. 8. The Bereau of Public Enterprises has advised the Federal government to give consideration to the privatisation of federal government-owned Enterprises to fund the N10.33trillion 2020 budget, with a total deficit of N2.28trillion. The Director-General of the Bureau of Public Enterprises ( BPE), Alex Okoh gave the suggestion on Wednesday at a meeting with Senate Committee on Privatisation 9. President Muhammadu Buhari has ordered a sharp reduction on foreign trips and estacodes for Ministers and other top government officials. The move is part of a new measure to curb leakages and ensure efficiency in the management of government’s scarce resources. 10. The Nigerian Army has announced a change in the name of one of its ongoing internal security exercises, Operation Python Dance in South east region of Nigeria. The Nigerian Army Operations Media Coordinator, Col Aminu Iliyasu announced this saying that the Operation Python Dance ‘Egwu Eke’ which covers the SouthEast region of the country will now be called Atilogwu Udo. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.