The management of the University of Lagos, UNILAG, has set up a panel to probe the allegations of sexual harassment leveled against Dr. Boniface Igbeneghu of its Department of European Languages and Integrated Studies, Faculty of Arts and Dr. Samuel Oladipo of its Department of Economics, Faculty of Social Sciences. The panel is headed by Professor Ayodele Atsenuwa, a Professor of Public Law, Faculty of Law. Recall that both lecturers were featured in a video recording by a BBC reporter in a sting operation while investigating a story on demands for sexual gratification by some lecturers in the bid to help some female students. In a statement by the UNILAG’s Principal Assistant Registrar, Communication Unit, Mrs. Taiwo Oloyede on Wednesday, the institution said: “The University of Lagos Management has set up a Panel headed by Professor Ayodele V. Atsenuwa, a Professor of Public Law, Faculty of Law, University of Lagos and the incumbent Dean of the Faculty. “The Panel will probe into the allegations of sexual harassment levelled against Dr. Boniface Igbeneghu of the Department of European Languages and Integrated Studies, Faculty of Arts and Dr. Samuel Oladipo of the Department of Economics, Faculty of Social Sciences as well as other related cases. “As previously announced in the University’s Press Release dated Monday, October 7, 2019, Dr. Samuel Oladipo who was featured in the full version of the BBC broadcast has been suspended from work with immediate effect and barred from the University academic areas until conclusion of the Panel’s assignment.” The statement also noted that a pending investigation against another unnamed lecturer was still on, urging students with information to come forward. “The University wishes to inform the general public that the panel set up to investigate another allegation of sexual harassment involving a Professor in the University in June 2018 still subsists and awaits further information that will aid in concluding the investigation. “Students and members of staff who have relevant information are encouraged to come forward. “Their protection is assured. “We firmly reassure all our students, staff, alumni, parents and guardians that this matter will be tackled with every sense of responsibility, and the seriousness it deserves. “The whole process will be transparent and appropriate sanctions will be meted out to anyone found culpable.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.