The youth wing of the Ogun State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), on Thursday said the decision of Governor Dapo Abiodun to allocate 50 per cent of his cabinet to women would not be laudable without considering the youths. Abiodun had during a Town Hall meeting at Ilaro last week said, “I want to assure you that my cabinet will have, if not 50 percent of women, it will have at least 40 per cent.” The youths, arising from a general meeting held in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital, said youths who worked for the party during the election must not be used and dumped by Abiodun. The leader of the youth, Com. Rasheed Aroboto, while addressing newsmen, said Abiodun’s pledge to allocate between 40 and 50 percent space to women in his cabinet, without consideration to the youths population, have left them wondering if the youths are relevant in his government at all. His words: “Are we youths considered as an apex body of this government? Is this government actually interested in paying back the youths who stood firmly during turbulent times? “Are the youths now considered as aliens, a misfit or being surplus to requirement in governance? Is the Governor trying to say that “amidst millions of youths in the state, none is capable of holding positions in his administration. “This calls for a serious scrutinization as it is an established fact that “no government can be put in place without the inclusiveness and support of the youth populace. “Ogun state is blessed with innovative and politically experienced youths who are well capable of being Commissioners, Senior Special Assistants, Special Assistants and Local Government Liaison Officers to the Governor in various levels. “The Governor is making the youths of the state assume that he is planning to walk on the path of his predecessor; who made the youth suffer so much despite their involvement in putting him at the helms of the state affairs. “We hereby call on the leaders of this great party, to liaise with the Governor on behalf of the youth who have worked and suffered so much for the party and laboured painstakingly for the emergence of His Excellency, not to be ignored and abandoned at this hour.” They also appealed to Abiodun to release in its entirety, the transport union activities in the state, to core party members who stood solidly behind him and the party during the election period. However, the youths said the multifaceted achievements of Abiodun – including renovation of schools across the state’s 236 wards, roads rehabilitation, upgrading of general hospitals, organising of anchor borrowers programme and partnership with Chinese firm company on agribusiness put a lie to the insinuations that he is “slow.” “Despite the short period of being in office, the Governor has performed excellently well beyond imagination and the entire youth wing of the All Progressives Congress, Ogun State Chapter, hereby passes a vote of confidence on our Governor, that; the Executive Governor of Ogun State, His Excellency, Prince Dapo Abiodun will surely deliver,” they maintained. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.