The President of the Senate, Dr Ahmad Lawan has congratulated President Muhammadu Buhari and the All Progressives Congress (APC) over Wednesday’s victory at the Supreme Court. Lawan’s Special Adviser (media), Mr Ola Awoniyi stated this in a statement in Abuja on Monday. He said by the judgement, the Supreme Court had put indelible judicial seal to Buhari’s victory at the Feb. 23 Presidential Election. He rejoiced with the President and the APC over the affirmation of the solid mandate the Nigerian people freely gave them, as first proclaimed by the Court of Appeal and now finally by the Supreme Court. Lawan said that the unanimous verdict of the Apex Court had removed whatever doubt that might have been raised on the integrity of the last presidential election. “Now that the litigation is over, we should all rally as one people behind the President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari, in his commitment to building the great nation of our dream. “The petitioners should gracefully accept the final verdict of our court of law while the winners should demonstrate magnanimity by extending the hand of fellowship to the opposition. “This is with a view to carrying all Nigerians along in the arduous task of nation-building,” Lawan said. Also, Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun State congratulated President Buhari over his victory. Describing it as a ‘sweet one’ Oyetola in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Ismail Omipidan, on Wednesday in Osogbo said that the Judgement of the Supreme court had finally settled the legal battle over the 2019 presidential election. According to the governor, lovers of democracy must commend the resilience of the judiciary in deepening the country’s democracy through its sound judgments. “On behalf of the people and government of the Osun State, I congratulate our President, Muhammadu Buhari, on his victory at the Supreme Court. “With this judgement, it is my hope that the verdict has put to an end the needless bickering, distractions and provocation that greeted the 2019 presidential election. “I congratulate the leadership and all members of our party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), on this victory.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.