The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) on Thursday said it has suspended the immediate past National President of the union, Mr. Waheed Odusile, for what it termed anti-union activities. The union said it has also suspended NUJ Vice President Zone C, Petrus Obi, National Vice Chairman Zone C of NAWOJ, Chibota Edozie and Ngozi Agbo for alleged persistent anti-union activities. NUJ made these declarations in a communique issued at the end of its National Executive Council (NEC) meeting, which was eld in Lokoja, the Kogi State capital. DAILY POST gathered that Odusile who sought a reelection after spending three years as the union President contested along with the incumbent President, Mr. Chris Isiguzo but lost the election. It was gathered that he has been romancing one of the factions of the Sports Writers Association of Nigeria (SWAN), the decision that is not in tune with the incumbent President and other journalists. However, the union at the meeting said it has suspended Odusile for what it considered as anti-union activities. The union in the communique signed by Shuaibu Usman Leman, National Secretary a copy of which was obtained by DAILY POST Thursday evening also added that it has reviewed the current situation in SWAN and set up a five man committee to reconcile the two factions crisis. The union also said that the NEC approves the employment of two additional Assistant National Secretaries in addition to the offering of contract appointment to Mr Bamidele Gbemiga, who retired as Senior Assistant National Secretary. It also frowned at some social media influencers who it said indiscriminately masqueraded as professional journalists and members of the NUJ to desist from such acts or be reported to the Police. Full statement: The National Executive Council of the Nigeria Union of Journalists held its meeting in Lokoja, Kogi State with all the National Officers as well as Chairmen and Secretaries of State Councils in attendance, and came up with the following: STATE OF THE UNION NEC in session reviewed the current situation in the Sports Writers Association of Nigeria, SWAN and set up a five man committee to reconcile the two factions crisis. NEC in session suspends indefinitely a former President of the NUJ, Waheed Odusile, NUJ Vice President Zone C, Petrus Obi, National Vice Chairman Zone C of NAWOJ, Chibota Edozie and Ngozi Agbo for persistent anti-Union activities. NEC in session approves the employment of two additional Assistant National Secretaries in addition to the offering of contract appointment to Mr Bamidele Gbemiga, who retired as Senior Assistant National Secretary. NEC in session also approves the use of centralized NUJ attendance registrar for State Councils to check sharp practices in the compilation of membership lists in States. NEC frowns at some social media Influencers who indiscriminately masquerade as professional journalists and members of the NUJ to desist from such acts or be reported to the Police.
STATE OF THE NATION NEC in session calls on President Muhammadu Buhari to declare state of emergency on deplorable Federal Roads across the country especially Ajaokuta – Itobe road which links the South East and South-South to the FCT. NEC rejects in its entirety a step by the Federal Government to regulate social media operators in the country calling on the Minister of Information, Alh Lai Mohammed not to succumb to the temptation of restricting the social media which can easily lead to gagging the media. NEC in session appeals to the Federal Government, INEC, security agencies and political gladiators to ensure hitch – free electoral processes before, during and after the forthcoming Kogi and Bayelsa States elections. NEC also rejects Nigeria Governor’s Forum position that they will pay new minimum wage according to what they describe as the financial standing of their respective states and urge them to implement the Federal Government’s template as agreed upon with the NLC. NEC in session commends the Federal Government for the closure of the Nation’s land borders and urge the FG to prevail on marketers and local producers not to hike prices of goods and services. NEC commends Kogi State government and the Kogi State Council of the Union for hosting the NEC in Lokoja.   Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.