A former National Chairman of the defunct Alliance for Democracy, AD, Alhaji Adamu Song, has said that it would be difficult for the electorate in the North to vote for an Igbo candidate during the 2023 presidential election. Song who is a former National Vice-Chairman of the defunct National Democratic Party, NDP, in an interview with the Sun, said the South East has refused to play the mainstream politics, adding that the political elites in the region have refused to speak up against those calling for the breakup of the country. According him, Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has been promoted to the level of God in the region. “One, I will never belong to the camp that says the North should retain the presidency. That one is out of the question because that is unfairness,” the former acting National Chairman of Progressive People’s Alliance, PPA, and former General Secretary of NUPENG, said. “However, the region I am sympathetic to has a serious challenge that I do not know how to surmount it. They refused to play the mainstream politics. “That is the Southeast. Ordinarily, if I am to give presidency, I will give it to the Southeast. But this is politics. Unfortunately again, the political elite from the Southeast are making matters worse by keeping quiet when certain things are happening. “The only Southeast politician who is vocal and talks like a nationalist is Senator Orji Uzor Kalu. That is the only person I can single out. The others are either mute or are tacitly supporting what is happening. “For example, this is Nigeria and we all belong to Nigeria. No doubt there are some inequalities occasioned by certain circumstances. Now, how can you term the country you want to rule as a zoo? “Yet no one is coming out to counter them even if they believe Nigeria is a zoo. No one is saying the entire zone does not believe so. There is no concrete condemnation of that from the political elite in the Southeast except the Senator I have just mentioned. “Who is Kanu? That is what I am saying. He has been promoted to the level of God. “The fact of the matter is: even if they didn’t support him have you forgotten that the most senior Igbo in the government of Jonathan or the government of Buhari in his first term was Ike Ekweremadu? “Ekweremadu was in a convoy to release Kanu from prison. I would have wished to support an Igbo president, but where do we start from? “How would they have it when the people will not vote for an Igbo candidate? “The votes are in the North. You know it. “It would be difficult [for the North to vote for an Igbo candidate]. I am not ruling it out, but it would be difficult.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.