The Ogun State Government seems to have lifted the suspension placed on the payment of Parent Teacher Association (PTA) levies in all public primary and secondary schools as well as technical colleges in the state. However, the state government said any PTA in any school or college must get the approval of the Ogun State Ministry of Education, Science and Technology before embarking on the collection of such levy. Government also ordered that, “learners must not be discriminated against on account of non-payment” of the levy, which it termed ‘donation’, by their parents. DAILY POST recalled that the Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun on September 21, won the hearts of parents when he ordered the suspension of a controversial N3,700 ‘donation’ reportedly introduced by the Parents/Teachers’ Association (PTA) for payment by pupils in all the state’s public secondary schools and technical colleges. The Ministry of Education had earlier issued a circular that Gov Abiodun had approved the payment of the N3,700 by pupils in public secondary schools and technical colleges in the state, as requested by the PTA, for the 2019/2020 academic session; contrary to Abiodun’s campaign promise to make education free in all public schools in Ogun. But in a recent circular from the Ogun State Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, Department of Planning, Research and Statistics, Okemosan, Abeokuta on Monday October 7, government said: “Notwithstanding the above (free education policy), Parent Teacher Association in our public schools, in line with its constitution is at liberty to donate in support of the government, to provide or rehabilitate infrastructural facilities, employ and support PTA teachers, guards, develop sports etc.” The circular with reference number EDU 666/25, was signed by Adeotan S. O. for the Permanent Secretary and addressed to all headteachers of public primary schools, all principals of public secondary schools, all principals of government science and technical colleges and all Zonal Education Officers in Ogun State. According to the circular, “all other payments on revenue items into government accounts under the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology have now been restored.” Government also said it has reduced the cost of transfer form, both inter and intra, for public primary and secondary schools to N5,000 flat rate. An officer of the Ministry of Education, who confirmed the authenticity of the circular, told DAILY POST that it used to be N10,000 for inter transfer and N20,000 for intra transfer. In the same vein, “the officer also clarified that the cost of special placement form and relocation form as it applies to transition from primary to secondary schools has been fixed for N2,500 flat rate” (for those who were not captured when government was enrolling pupils free of charge). While reiterating the Gov Abiodun’s promise to make education free in all public schools in the state, the Ministry warned that “any public officer caught flouting its regulations “will be strictly sanctioned” as no levy must be demanded from pupils, except until the PTA seeks and gets the approval of the state government. The circular reads in full: “In line with the electoral promises of governor of Ogun State, Prince Dapo Abiodun, MFR, education remains free in all public primary and secondary schools as well as technical colleges in the state. “Consequently, no headteacher, principal nor teacher in our public schools and colleges must demand any payment from learners of education service delivery. “Notwithstanding the above, Parent Teacher Association in our public schools, in line with its constitution is at liberty to donate in support of the government to provide or rehabilitate infrastructural facilities, employ and support PTA teachers, guards, develop sports etc. However, learners must not be discriminated against on the account of non-payment by their parents. Every donation by Parent-Teacher Association in our schools must have a written approval of the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology. “In tandem with the tradition of some of our schools, especially those with boarding facilities, learners are allowed to willfully procure school berets, caps badges, files, etc at non-exploitative rates approved only by the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology. These materials could be bought in Tuck Shops located in the school. “The cost of transfer form, both inter and intra, for public primary and secondary schools is now fixed for Five thousand naira (N5,000.00) flat rate. “The cost of special placement form and relocation form as it applies to transition from primary to secondary schools has been fixed for two thousand, five hundred naira (N2,500.00) flat rate. “All other payments on revenue items into government accounts under the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology have now been restored. “Any public officer caught flouting any of these regulations will be strictly sanctioned “All education stakeholders are enjoined to abide fully with the provisions of this circular in the interest of the sanctity of the growth of education in our dear state. “Members of the public are encouraged to call the following helplines for further clarification and enlightenment. They are namely: Dele – 08060063615, Lanre – 08140117425.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.