The Senator Magnus Abe-led faction of the All Progressives Congress have listed conditions to solve the internal crisis within the party in Rivers State. Former Commissioner for Justice in Rivers State, Wogu Boms told newsmen in Port Harcourt that it is either the National Working Committee of the APC invites both the Rotimi Amaechi and the Magnus Abe groups for a peace talk or implement the judgement of a Port Harcourt High court delivered by justice Chiwendu Worgu. Boms added that there were alleged plans by some APC leaders to suspend Senator Abe, adding that the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi should be rather punished for engaging in anti-party activities. According to him, “The APC in Rivers State is in comatose. If urgent steps are not taken, it may not come out of it early enough, if at all, fit and capable to make a strong showing in the 2023 elections. “We must remind all of the heavy sacrifices we all made to establish the party in the state at that most politically dangerous time in our state. “It is irresponsible to continue to accuse Governor Nyesom Wike and the Judiciary at all levels as the cause of our political woes when we have not done what we should do as a party in crises. “No one has respect for any person or group that cannot solve their problems. “The way out, should the party be unable to meet in a peace meeting to resolve all issues with all stakeholders, is to call for and abide by all the Judgments and Rulings of the State High Court High as affirmed by the Court of Appeal and the Supreme Court which not only voided the exclusion of the aggrieved members from the congresses they paid to obtain forms to participate in, but also made some Orders. “That is the path of Constitutionalism that is the only viable way out of this needless political situation the party leadership foisted on the party. “What did the Judgment of Hon Justice Chinwendu Wogu decide as affirmed by the Supreme Court? “That is what the party should implement and there will be peace, bearing in mind the Constitutional provision that the Judgment of the Supreme Court binds all persons and authorities through out the country. Senator Magnus Ngei Abe is not the problem.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.