Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has reacted to the death of the first military governor of Lagos State, Brigadier-General Mobolaji Olufunso Johnson. Johnson died at the age of 83 on Wednesday. Reacting to his death, Tinubu described the former Lagos State governor as an essential Nigerian statesman and one of the true fathers of the state. Tinubu, a former governor of Lagos State said Johnson was a man of high integrity who served the state with dedication and determination. His remark was contained in his condolence statement signed and forwarded to DAILY POST by his Media Aide, Tunde Rahman, on Thursday. The statement reads: “Brigadier-General Mobolaji Olufunso Johnson who died on Wednesday at 83 was an important national statesman and one of the true fathers of Lagos. “First military Governor of Lagos, Johnson embodied the true spirit of Lagos. He served Lagos with dedication and determination. He contributed immensely to the state, developing the civil service. His tenure in Lagos also witnessed the building of major infrastructure in the state. “He was always available to advise and extend a helping hand to successive regimes in Lagos and particularly to me during my time as governor. “Johnson made laudable contributions to the unity of the country as one of those who fought for Nigeria’s indivisibility. A committed nationalist, he laid the foundation for the development of the Federal Capital Territory as the first administrator of the former Federal Territory of Lagos in 1966. “He was a man of high integrity. Johnson was one of the two-state Governors (along with Brigadier-General Oluwole Rotimi) who was given a clean bill by the three-man panel commissioned to investigate the various allegations of corruption among the state governors who served under General Gowon. “Nigeria will miss him; Lagos will miss him. We will all miss him. I commiserate with his wife, children and other family members. My condolences also go to Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu and the state government over the transition. “We thank God Brigadier Johnson lived to an advanced age and left behind good children and significant legacies. May his soul rest in peace” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.