Nigeria’s assistant coach Kennedy Boboye is unimpressed by the team’s performance at the 2019 West Africa Football Union Cup of Nations and admitted it as a failure. The Super Eagles did not win a game in Senegal before they were knocked out of the biennial competition after defeats to Togo and Cape Verde. The early exit came as a disappointment for Nigeria who were finalists in the 2017 edition in Ghana. Boboye described the country’s outing in Thies as awful and he cited various reasons for the underwhelming display. Speaking with Tidesports, he said: “It was awful because we came here with the thinking of getting something in this tournament but it didn’t work out the way we planned. “I think it is a learning process for us to go back and re-strategise in many aspects of the department that we failed. For me, as far as I am concerned, I think we failed in this tournament. “The reason we find ourselves in this position was because we did not take our chances in front of goal because we missed so many chances and we conceded some stupid goals that we are not supposed to, which cost us dearly. “First thing is most of the players are making their first appearance in a big tournament like this. It is a different thing being in a club and being in the national team. “You can not bring the club attitude to the national team. The tournament is once you are out, you are out it is unlike a league where you can still play the same opponent again. I think we did not take our chances and we were wasteful in front of goal.” A 2-1 loss to Togo in their opening fixture condemned Nigeria to the quarter-final of the plate competition. However, they were stunned by Cape Verde who held them to a 1-1 draw at the end of regulation time and later came out victorious with a 3-2 win via penalty shoot-out. He said: “Anybody that watched the game would know that Cape Verde were no match to the Nigeria team,” the former Sunshine Stars and Plateau United coach continued. “We played better and we were in control of the game until that equaliser came in. “Sometimes you lose grip, you cannot be on top of your feet for the whole of 90 or 120 minutes. Sometimes you make mistakes and when it happens, they punish you for it.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.