The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Governor, Godwin Emefiele has been accused of marginalising South East and South West in intervention programmes of the apex bank. The accusation was made against Emefiele in Enugu on Sunday in a statement by the Zikist-Buharist Movement (ZBM), South East zone, titled, “CBN Governor Marginalisation of South East, Protest To Mr. President.” In the statement by the chairman, Rt. Hon. Stanley Ohajuruka and Secretary, Godwin Onwusi, ZBM accused Emefiele of deliberately marginalising South East and South South in CBN intervention programmes. The group said it had watched helplessly as Emefiele patriotically funds agricultural intervention programmes in South South, his home region and the Northern states, while South East and South West were abandoned. ZBM called on the Presidency to immediately call the CBN Governor to order before he jeopardises the genuine intentions of this “Next Level” government of President Buhari. The group expressed fears that if Mr. President does not call Emefiele to order immediately, South East and South West will also be marginalised in the livestock programme. The statement read: “Whereas the Zikist-Buharist-Movement (ZBM) appreciates the agrarian revolution of President Muhammadu, via the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN)intervention programme, we wish to report to Mr President that the Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria, Godwin Emefiele seems deliberately to be marginalizing the South East and South West geopolitical zones. “We have watched helplessly how the CBN has patriotically funded the Cross River, Kebbi and other geopolitical zones gigantic rice projects, the Cotton, Sorghum, Soya beans projects in the north; while the cocoa, palm produce and cassava belts in the South West and South East are more or less abandoned. “ZBM appeals to Mr President to reign in the CBN Governor the truism that what is good for the goose is good for the gander. As our understanding of Mr President agrarian revolution is for every nook and cranny of the federation to produce what we eat and to diversify our mono-oil economy,” it stated. ZBM told Mr President that “as things stand the Governor may marginalise the South East and South South in the upcoming livestock projects, forgetting that they want to advance our poultry, piggery, goat farming and fisheries.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.