A former lawmaker representing Kaduna Central senatorial district at the Senate, Sen. Sheu Sani, has decried the present political structure in Nigeria, saying the system will never work with intolerant executive and sycophant legislature. He added that the 20-year uninterrupted democratic rule has graduated democracy in Nigeria from being nascent. Sani stressed that going by the age of democracy in Nigeria, and in line with the present socio-economic reality, there is an urgent need for thorough assessment of our system and the will to change the whole narrative. The former lawmaker stated this on Monday in Osogbo, the Osun State capital while delivering his welcome address at the Opening Ceremony of the Press Week organised by the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) Osun Council , with the theme: “Bridging Gap between the poor and the rich.” ” It is time to fairly access our democracy. Obviously, the system can not perfectly work under intolerant executive , a sycophant legislature, a timid judiciary and docile civil society. “There is need for genuine restructuring to put things in the proper way. When we have a faulty structure, even if we have angels at the corridor of power, the system will still not work.” Sani, who was the chairman of the occasion, emphasised the need to instill passion for history in the Nigerian youths for them to have a positive sense of history that could engender patriotic disposition and commitment to nation -building. According to him, present youths of Nigeria have no sense of history and capacity to engage government on topical issues of national importance, compare to the crop of youths in the 70s, saying the youths, more than any other people have major role to play to sustain democracy. “Many people under 30 might not understand the pattern of military rule, and how it was to be under dictatorship. Their past is Jonathan while their present is Buhari. “We need to make our youths to have a fair sense of history and commit them to the task of nation-building,” he added. Speaking on the attitudes of the political class while in office, he said power is transient and every office holder must endeavour to protect the rule of law and fundamental human rights of the people, adding that those are the only instrument of protection for them outside power. He also enjoined the media to always stand by democratic ethos and principles, for the purpose of bringing the government accountable to the people. Speaking earlier, the Chairman of NUJ, Osun Council, Comrade Kehinde Ayantunji, reiterated the resolve of newsmen in the state to perform their statutory duties with high level of professional standards and decency. He said the ultimate goal of members of the fourth estate of the realm is to work towards building a just society where rule of law thrives without blemish. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.