Bishops of various denominations in Ebonyi State, under the aegis of Christian Council of Nigeria, CCN, Ebonyi State chapter, on Sunday vowed to continue to wage war against the influx of youths into cultism in the state. The state chairman of CCN and Bishop of Methodist Church Nigeria, Diocese of Abakaliki, Rt. Rev. Lawson Elom, made this known while interacting with journalists, during the 2019 CCN week that took place at the cathedral of the Holy Trinity, Methodist Church located at No. 1C oguja road Abakaliki, Ebonyi state capital. According to him: “We decided to wage war against the current issue of cultism in Nigeria and Ebonyi State in particular. You know that cultism has become a very big cankerworm and has eaten deep into the fabric of the society. As away to remedy and stop the influx of our youths into cult activities, we decided to pick the theme “Dangers of cultism in Nigeria”.
“We are carrying the campaign to all parts of Ebonyi state. Cultism is evil and it has a lot of dangers. we don’t want our people to continue to be part of the system. “Although, government is doing their best to eradicate the cankerworm, but that is not enough. They have deployed many means, even those who denounced membership were taken to the church and have them baptized. Bible were also given to them but that wasn’t enough. “They have started empowerment of those who have repented,especially in Ohaukwu LGA of Ebonyi State. We had an empowerment of those who have denounced and repented of their sin, and that is part of government work. “The church is important and until someone receives spiritual empowerment, we will not stop the campaign against the issue of cultism. The youths must first, receive the spiritual empowerment and that is number one. Secondly, the physical and financial empowerment follows. “The church has a great role to play by preaching against cultism. Those we have discovered to be members of cult, were made to receive spiritual empowerment. We will continue to pacify them, so that they will no longer be members of cult group. There are lots of disadvantages of being a member of cult group.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.