The Vice Chancellor of the Federal University, Lokoja, Professor Angela Freeman Miri has raised the alarm over organized conspiracy against her administration by some personalities from the host community. The Vice Chancellor, who was reacting to allegations of sale of employment slots between the sum of N500,000 to N1million and diversion of Kogi indigenes slots to her home state, Plateau as reported in some media (NOT DAILY POST) told journalists that the recruitment of workers and admission of new students into the institution had always followed due process. She debunked the accusations and said approval was granted by relevant authorities for the University to carry out the recruitment exercise which was subsequently supervised by the Federal Character Commission. According to Professor Angela Miri “I am confident of myself in the conduct of the exercise because out of the 300 junior staff positions approved for recruitment, 220 Kogi indigenes have already been issued with appointment letters under the first batch while other successful applicants will follow in due course. Also slots were allocated to states across the federation.” She further disclosed that out of the initial staff strength of 828 in the institution, Kogi indigenes constitute 567 staffers with the remaining shared among the rest states in the country. Professor Miri said since assumption of office she had ensured that justice and equity reigned supreme, in addition to her concerted efforts to transform the University to meet international standard both in academic and provision of needed infrastructure. The VC vowed that no distraction from any quarter would frustrate her from living above board in running the University. The host community of the University had accused the Vice Chancellor of lopsided employment of staff with no positive consideration for the qualified indigenes, maintaining that recruitment of junior staff cadres should be exclusively reserved for the home state of the institution. The Administrator of Lokoja Local Government Area, Mohammed Dan Asebe who led traditional rulers from the zone to lodge complaints to the Vice Chancellor over the development, condemned her action of allocating 13 slots to members of Plateau state at the National Assembly. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.