Men of the Department of State Service (DSS), have arrested no fewer than six staff of the University of Ibadan Distance Learning Centre over their alleged involvement in examination malpractices. DAILY POST gathered on Monday that the six staff were arrested at the instance of the Vice Chancellor of the university, Professor Idowu Olayinka. It was gathered that they were arrested following their alleged complicity for smuggling scripts for students writing examinations, fabrications of CBT results and falsification of clearance mostly for students. It was gathered that those picked up by the security agency were top officials of the Distance Learning Centre who could not be left out in the examination process. A source within the Distance Learning Centre gave the name of those who have been arrested to include; Edward Eborgu (Head of UI DLC software Unit), Kehinde Ajao (Head Student Support), Shola Akintunde (Executive Officer and Media representative), Ademola Okunola (IT personnel), one Lanre (IT personnel) and a certain David in the Director’s office. He said that the Vice Chancellor was miffed by the development and approved thorough investigations into the matter. He added that the staff were arrested last Thursday. It was gathered that information leading to the arrest of the six staff, came from students who had been arrested during the ongoing examinations and a protest complain from students about illegal dealings of some non-teaching staff. Our correspondent, who visited the centre on Monday, gathered that some staff of the centre reportedly stayed away from the DLC center located along Sasha since when the six staff were arrested. It was gathered from some of the staff and students on Monday that investigations are still ongoing to get more persons connected to the examination racketeering. But, the Director of Communication at the university, Mr. Tunji Oladejo, when contacted, however, said that nothing of such occurred. Oladejo, in a telephone conversation with our correspondent, added that he contacted the Director of DLC, Professor Soji Aremu, who said that such thing never happened. He said “I have contacted the Director of DLC, Professor Aremu, who said that such thing never happened. There is nothing like that. It never happened. I just spoke with the director and he said that, it is not true. “I am telling you that based on what the the Director said, nothing of such occurred.” But, a source at the DSS office located at Alalubosa area, Aleshiloye Ibadan, told DAILY POST that the six staff were arrested. “Yes it is true. They were arrested. They were arrested and they area still there. But, they are releasing them now. Some people came to bail them but they are still in the DSS office as I am talking to you now.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.