Ondo State Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu has disclosed that the non-availability of a teaching hospital in Ondo State was a major factor that saw to the brain drain of health professionals from the State, which he described as worrisome. Akeredolu, however, revealed that the move by his administration to establish a teaching hospital in the state with complexes in Akure, the state capital and Ondo town, headquarters of Ondo West Local Government has helped significantly to ameliorate what he described as an ugly trend. The governor who made the revelation at the 6th Annual General Meeting and Scientific Conference of the Medical and Dental Consultants Association of Nigeria, ODSG Hospitals Chapter held in Akure, stated that the intervention will assist greatly to curb the massive exodus of health professionals as well as boost the referral system in the State. Governor Akeredolu who was represented at the event by his deputy, Hon. Agboola Ajayi thanked the medical and dental consultants for their support for his administration and charged them to do more. “Ondo state used to be the only state without a teaching hospital in the southwest which created a vacuum in the health sector and affected health care delivery to the people. “The state was also plagued with massive exodus of professionals as many of them preferred to work with tertiary hospitals while the referral system was limited secondary facilities which forced patients to seek better care outside the state. “The trend has now changed with the advent of a standard teaching hospital with complexes in Ondo and Akure” Akeredolu explained The governor reiterated his commitment to the success of the recently introduced contributory health scheme while efforts are on to upgrade all the 5 secondary facilities designated at centres to render free services for mothers and children. The Medical and Dental Consultants, ODSG Hospitals Chapter president, Dr. Ishaq Ojodu said the theme of the conference, ‘Healthcare delivery in Ondo state, The Past, Present, and Future was an opportunity for stakeholders in the health sector and government officials to meet minds on efficient healthcare services. He said the sub-themes for the event include Suicide: Are You at Risk? and Litigation in Medical Practice will also equip members with skills needed to do their job more professionally. Dr. Ojodu said his members were ready to support the government to reposition the health sector when the right environment is provided. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.