Human rights lawyer, Femi Falana (SAN), has apologized to former presidential candidate of Young Progressives Party, YPP, Kingsley Moghalu, for saying he resigned from his party because he received an appointment from the All Progressives Congress, APC. DAILY POST had reported that after Moghalu announced his resignation on Monday, Falana claimed that the ex-presidential candidate resigned to take up an appointment with the ruling APC. Speaking at the 2019 Felabration symposium held at the NECA HOUSE, Lagos State, Falana was quoted as saying, “Is Dr. Moghalu still around? I think it is unfair to single out Dr. Moghalu for recognition. “We should not celebrate opportunism. Here is a politician who contested on the platform of a party, who has moved conveniently to the APC. “They’ve just given him an appointment and he has just discarded his own political party. I don’t think that is fair for all.” But, in reaction, Moghalu while describing the allegations as a ‘surprise and an embarrassment, demanded an apology from Falana and a public retraction of the said comment. He had said, ”It’s disappointing that Femi Falana, a SAN, no less, can publicly make such FALSE statements. I am NOT a member of APC and have NOT received an appointment from the ruling party. I demand and expect a public apology and a retraction of his statement.” However, clarifying the allegation, Falana in a statement titled ‘My Mea Culpa’, on Tuesday, said his statement was a case of mistaken identity. “At the symposium held in memory of the late Fela Anikulapo-Kuti in Lagos yesterday, I did say that Professor Kingsley Moghalu had called it quit with the YPP, the political party which sponsored his presidential election in February 2019. ”I equally said that he had joined the ruling party and accepted an appointment from the federal government. “While confirming his resignation from the YPP, Professor Moghalu had stated that he has neither joined the ruling party nor accepted an appointment from the federal government. I believe him in toto. “I did not set out to embarrass Professor Moghalu as it was a case of mistaken identity. Any embarrassment caused by the incorrect aspect of the statement is deeply regretted.” he added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.