The Kaduna State Police Command has called on all indigenes of Kaduna state who have applied for admission into the 7th Regular Course of the Nigeria Police Academy (POLAC) Wudil, Kano state and have successfully passed the aptitude test held on 24th August, 2019 nationwide to come for medical and Physical Screening Exercise scheduled to hold from 24th – 30th October, 2019. A statement issued and signed by the Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Yakubu A. Sabo Friday evening, said that, “the successful candidates are expected to report to the Academy on the dates stated above
and they are to come along with the following items; “Original credentials with Fifteen (15) photocopies of each of (Primary school certificate and testimonial, Senior and Junior Secondary School statement of result and testimonial, birth Certificate or declaration of age, Proof of local Government of origin duly signed by the chairman of the Local Government, Original UTME result slip 2019. Others are; ” Police Academy acknowledgement and Examination forms downloaded from the internet, Second copy of postcard signed by supervisor during Exam).
Fifteen (15) white backgrounds passport-sized photographs. According to him, candidate who fails to bring or tampered with the documents listed above, will automatically be disqualified. “Two blue shorts and Two White T-shirts.
A Pair of white Canvass and Two pairs of white socks.
Toiletries.
Plate and cutlery.
Sufficient Money for transport to and from Wudil. “Scratch cards for WAEC and NECO or NABTEB results for online verification.” He said His words, “In the same vein, the state governments are to send their representatives on relevant dates to authenticate the indigene letters from their respective state. “the successful candidates will be notified of the screening schedule individually Via SMS and they will be subjected to Medical Examination and Fitness Tests,” he added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.