Zikist-Buharist Movement (ZBM), South-East zone has applauded President Muhammadu Buhari for rejecting third term gambit proposed by anti-democrats and unpatriotic elements. The presidency, on Tuesday through the Senior Special Assistant to the President, Garba Shehu, had distanced the President from the rumoured third term gambit. Shehu said the Presidency had always maintained that President Buhari is a convert democrat and like most converts is fanatical and cannot support any move at altering the 1999 constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to stretch his two term limit. Reacting in a statement by the Chairman, Hon. Stanley Ohajuruka and Secretary, Godwin Onwusi, commended President Buhari “for rejecting third term gambit – the infamous banana peel – proposed by anti-democrats and unpatriotic elements, whose sole objective was to truncate our fledgling democracy and tarnish the image of Mr. President.” The statement read in part: “When the internet gossips hauled by faceless groups went viral in the social media, the ZBM waited anxiously with bated breadth, for rejection or confirmation from the presidency, hence we are happy when the strong rebuttal statement was released yesterday, stating inter alia that ‘President Buhari intends to serve his full second elected term in office, ending in 2023, – and then there shall be a general election in which he will not be a candidate’. “We, of the ZBM have always maintained that President Buhari is a convert democrat and like most converts is fanatical and cannot support any move aimed at altering the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to stretch his two term limit.” ZBM saluted the President “for the rebuttal of the 3rd Term gambit,” saying “this has demonstrated that he is a student of history, consequent upon, he avoided the banana peel, which more than any other item, rubbished the tenure of Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, former president.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.