Former British Prime Minister, David Cameron, has alleged that ex-President Goodluck Jonathan stopped Britain from rescuing some of the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram insurgents.
Cameron disclosed that the then government of Jonathan did not give enough support to Britain during the abduction of 274 schoolgirls from Chibok, Borno State in 2014. In his memoir, “In For The Record,” the former British Prime Minister said his country’s troops traced the location of some of the victims and offered to help but Jonathan refused, TheCable reports. He said: “Iraq wasn’t the only place we would need our military to counter this extremist menace. Boko Haram in Nigeria was linked to al-Qaeda, and believed Western education and lifestyles were a sin (the meaning behind its name). It too wanted to institute a caliphate, and like ISIS it would use whatever barbaric means it thought necessary. “In early 2014, a group of its fighters centered the government secondary school in the village of Chibok, seizing 276 teenage girls. They were taken to camps deep in the forest. The Christians among them were forced to convert to Islam. Many were sold as slaves, entering the same endless violent nightmare the Yazidi women suffered. “As ‘Bring Back Our Girls’ campaign spread across the world, we embedded a team of military and intelligence experts in Nigeria, and sent spy planes and Tornadoes with thermal imaging to search for the missing girls. And, amazingly, from the skies above a forest three times the size of Wales, we managed to locate some of them. The former Prime Minister stated that he expected Jonathan to handle the Chibok issue better. “But Nigeria’s president, Goodluck Jonathan, seemed to be asleep at the wheel. When he eventually made a statement, it was to accuse the campaigners of politicising the tragedy. And absolutely crucially, when we offered to help rescue the girls we had located, he refused.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.