Former Governor of Anambra State, Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife, has noted that the Fulani people will suffer most if the Nigeria breaks up. They said the Fulani are in the best position to stop the disintegration of Nigeria by restructuring the country. In an interview with the Sun, the elder statesman said that the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, was complaining about many things done against the Igbo; adding that Buhari government was pushing the Igbo people very hard out of Nigeria in everywhere. According to him, “Nobody applied to be a slave in Nigeria. Whether we applied or not, we don’t accept to be slave, you are superior in some ways and you become politically inferior to them, and what is the consequence? We are not making progress as a country. “The people who are riding the horse are the people who can be hurt by the collapse of the horse; so let them come down from the horse so that there will be no calamity when the horse stumbles. “If I were Hausa/Fulani, no, let me leave Hausa out of this, they are not able to bring themselves out of the problem they are in, but the Fulani will lose most for the disintegration of Nigeria, and they are in the best position to stop the disintegration of Nigeria by going back to the structure that we know that worked. “Some of them say they will never support 2014 confab report implementation, it means they are saying, ‘Nigeria break up’. “It is not those who make noise that say the country should break up, IPOB is complaining about many things done against the Igbo; the same way those who know are aware that Buhari government is pushing the Igbo people very hard out of Nigeria in everywhere. “Look, the Igbo people had to go and beg for Enugu airport before money is released to give attention to the airport. That is humiliating. “What are they begging for? Kano, did they beg, Kaduna, did they beg, who begged for their airport to be renovated? It is a matter of saying what we are doing for Igbo people when they are pushing us out of Nigeria.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.