The management of the University of Ibadan (UI) on Wednesday said it has set up an ad-hoc committee to investigate any report of sexual harassments and misconducts within the institution. Vice Chancellor of the university, Professor Abel Idowu Olayinka, made this declaration in a statement issued on Wednesday, a copy of which was obtained by DAILY POST in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. Olayinka, who said that the university has zero tolerance for sexual harassments and misconducts, maintained that the university has also opened an e-mail address and telephone number where reports of all forms of sexual harassments and sexual misconducts can be lodged. Our correspondent recalls that the new action of the university on the issue of sexual harassments and sexual misconducts is coming few days after lecturer at the University of Lagos was found in a 13 minute video of making some sexual advances towards a BBC undercover, Kiki Mordi who disguised as a 17-year old admission seeker. Olayinka, while reacting, maintained that the recent expose of sexual misconduct in Nigerian universities is deeply disturbing. He added that the institution’s zero tolerance for sexual harassments and misconducts is still in force. He said, “The recent expose of sexual misconduct in Nigerian Universities is deeply disturbing and necessitates a reminder that the University of Ibadan maintains the tradition and standard of zero tolerance for sexual harassment and misconducts as contained in our Staff and Student Information Handbooks, the recently revised Gender Policy and Sexual Harassment Policy, and other allied documents as earlier approved by both the Senate and Council. “Consequently, in order to ensure that the University is proactive in preventing incidences of sexual misconducts and be assured that the University of Ibadan is a safe space for staff and students, members of the University community are hereby notified that an ad-hoc committee has just been inaugurated by the Vice-Chancellor to among others, investigate claims of sexual misconducts. “To assist with their task, kindly communicate all relevant information on the subject matter to e-mail: uisexualmisconduct@gmail.com; and phone number 07025232090. “Be aware that all claims will be processed through disciplinary organs of the University using our extant regulations and guidelines. “Please, be assured that maximum sanctions will be imposed if the claims are substantiated and there will be no sacred cows, even while we ensure that there will be no witch-hunting. “I trust I can always count on your usual understanding, support and goodwill. Thank you.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.