1. The Federal Government and organised labour have finally agreed on the percentage increase on the consequential adjustment in workers’ salaries as a result of the new minimum wage of N30,000. 2. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) will soon sanction banks and their customers diverting agriculture and Bank of Industry (BoI) loans to government securities. Some banks and their customers are being investigated by the apex bank over shady deals intended to game the loan to deposit ratio (LDR) policy to their advantage. 3. Chairman, Senate Committee on Appropriation, Senator Jibrin Barau, has disapproved of holding budget defence sessions in secret by some committees. Senator Barau said budget defence sessions are meant to be conducted in the open and not secret or closed-door sessions. He said the committee would not continue with camera sessions except when dealing with security agencies. 4. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has challenged the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) to be ready for a real election, where only votes will count and not guns. The National Chairman of the ruling party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, who gave the challenge in Abuja on Friday, during the inauguration of the party’s National Campaign Councils for Kogi and Bayelsa states governorship elections. He particularly charged the PDP in Bayelsa not to convert the election to a war. 5. The Kogi state House of Assembly has impeached the Deputy Governor of the state, Elder Simon Achuba. His impeachment followed the submission of the report of the committee set up by the state Chief Judge, Justice Nadir Ajana, to investigate allegations of gross misconduct levelled against the former deputy governor by the House. 6. Managing Director of the Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), Mr Umaru Ibrahim on Friday disclosed that over ₦8.25 billion has been paid to 442,999 depositors of liquidated banks as insured amount since the agency was set up in 1989. 7. Notwithstanding the heavy policing and thorough security checks at the land borders, aimed at ensuring compliance with Federal Government’s closure order, smugglers are still plying their illicit trade, as they have now devised new methods and new routes to convey their products, especially bags of rice, turkey and vegetable oil. 8. Minister of Mines and Solid Mineral Development (MSMD), Olamilekan Adegbite and the Chairman, Senate committee on Solid Minerals, Mines, Steel Development and Metallurgy, Senator Tanko Almakura have accused governors of supporting theft of national resources through illegal mining. 9. Following a ban on all imports and exports by President Muhammadu Buhari, Ghana and Nigeria have agreed on the creation of a temporary corridor on Nigeria’s western border with Benin Republic where Ghanaian goods in transit can pass to avoid collateral damage arising from the closure of Nigeria’s borders with Benin. 10. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has injected $325.5million into the retail Secondary Market Intervention Sales (SMIS) and CNY14 million in the spot and short tenured forwards segment of the inter-bank foreign market. The bank’s Director, Corporate Communications, Mr Isaac Okorafor made this known in a statement in Abuja. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.