The Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, and other stakeholders of the state chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), on Friday, held a closed-door meeting at the party’s secretariat in Abeokuta; the Ogun State capital. The meeting, according to feelers, was presided over by a former governor of the state and national leader of the party, Chief Olusegun Osoba. The meeting, DAILY POST learnt, was convened amidst the controversies arising from a court ruling ordering status quo in respect to the subject matter of the suit filed by a faction of the party loyal to former Governor Ibikunle Amosun, challenging the dissolution of the Derin Adebiyi-led Ogun APC executive by Adams Oshiomhole. DAILY POST reported on Thursday that loyalists of Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, and those of his predecessor, Amosun, renewed their rivalry as they battle for who controls the state chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Speaking with newsmen after the meeting, Gov Abiodun said the meeting created the opportunity to bring to the fore, things that have been on the minds of the party leaders; while also allowing them to ventilate. His words: “The purpose of the meeting was to afford him the opportunity to brief the state caucus on the activities and programme of his government in the last four months. “The purpose of the meeting was to afford me the opportunity as governor of the state to brief the state caucus formally on our activities over the last three and half months, within which we have not held the caucus meeting as defined by the constitution since we assumed office. “Having done that, I needed to also deliberate with the party over certain range of issues. The tenure of our local government council chairmen is up. I needed to inform the party officially that we need to begin to plan on those that will be in capacity as caretaker chairmen and so on. “There are things that have been on the minds of the party leaders; we also brought them to the fore at meeting “Generally, it was an opportunity for leadership at the caucus level to ventilate and for us as governor to pass information to them. At the end of the day, we had a very fruitful deliberation. On the formation of his cabinet, Abiodun said, “it was part of what I informed the caucus about, that very soon, our cabinet will be formed and to share with them the process that will take. I shared with them the process that would require them to also contribute to that nomination of candidates for commissioners.” Others at the meeting included the state Deputy Governor, Eng. Mrs. Noimot Salako-Oyedele; Speaker, Ogun State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Olakunle Oluomo; former National Assembly members under the party; former State Assembly members under the APC; principal officers of the State House of Assembly; a former Governor of the State, Chief Segun Adesegun, among others. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.