Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday arrived Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. The presidential aircraft conveying the president and some members of his entourage landed at King Khalid International Airport at 10.02 p.m (Local Time) and Buhari was welcomed at the airport by the Governor of Riyadh Province, Faisal bin Bandar Al Saud, other Saudi government officials, the Nigerian ambassador to Saudi Arabia, Alhaji Muhammadu Dodo, as well as leadership of the Nigerian community in Saudi Arabia. 2. The Nigerian Union in South Africa has confirmed that one of its members was killed and two others injured in the country by unknown gunmen. Mr Odefa Ikele, the National Spokesperson of Nigerian Union South Africa, made the disclosure on Monday in Lagos. Ikele said the incident that led to the death of Mr Chikamso Ufordi, who hailed from Awgu Local Government Area of Enugu State happened at about 7 p.m. on Saturday, Oct. 26, in Nigel. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari will again embark on a private visit to London after attending the third edition of the Future Investment Initiative in Riyadh, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Buhari’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina, confirmed this development in a statement on Monday, saying that the President will be in London for a private visit and will return to Nigeria on Nov. 17 after he must have spent 2 weeks. Adesina did not give further details on the President’s trip to London. 4. There appears to be a setback in the salary adjustments on the N30,000 minimum wage as the Nigeria Governors’ Forum on Monday said states would not pay above what they can afford. The Chairman of the NGF and Governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi, while speaking after the forum’s meeting in Abuja said the Federal Executive Council could not decide for states. He said it is now left to states to engage their workers on the way forward. 5. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has accused the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) of plotting to use foreign media to blackmail the judiciary, ahead of the Supreme Court’s hearing of its presidential election appeal. National Publicity Secretary of the party, Mallam Lanre Issa-Onilu, raised the alarm at a press conference in Abuja Monday. Issa-Onilu alleged that the opposition party and its presidential candidate in the 2019 general elections, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has procured the services of some international columnists to regularly push out alleged false articles, which would be published in reputable international media outlets, with the intent to blackmail justices of the Supreme Court over the PDP petition. 6. The Senate Committee on Sustainable Development Goals on Monday refused to allow the Minister of State for Works and Housing, Abubakar Aliyu, to defend the ministry’s budget, insisting that Babatunde Fashola who is returning to the ministry for a second time should be made to appear before it for proper defence. The committee Chairman, Senator Aishat Dahiru argued that the minister of state was new to the ministry. 7. The African Development Bank on Monday said the unemployment situation in Nigeria was frightening and could become a major crisis if enough jobs were not created for the country’s youth population. It raised this concern at the regional presentation of a report entitled, ‘Creating decent jobs: Strategies, policies and instruments’, in Abuja. Senior Director, Nigeria Country Department, AfDB, Mr Ebrima Faal, in an address, said the situation in Nigeria was frightening due to the country’s population. 8. The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), has threatened that the union will begin nationwide strike if the Federal Government fails to remit the salaries of its members at the end of this month (October). The union said that the strike would reinforce members’ rejection of the Integrated Payment Personnel Information System (IPPIS), allegedly being forced on its members by the Federal Government. 9. The Federal High Court, Abuja, on Monday, ruled that the Action Alliance (AA) was no longer eligible to field candidates for the Nov. 16 governorship elections in Bayelsa and Kogi States. Justice Inyang Ekwo, who gave the ruling, said that the party failed to abide by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC)’s guidelines on the timeline for submission of candidates’ names. According to the judge, the INEC’s guidelines say that all political parties must have submitted their nomination forms by 6pm of Sept. 9 for the elections. 10. Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele, has insisted that neighbouring countries must cooperate with Nigeria in finding solution to the border problem before the Nigerian border can be reopened. He spoke after a closed-door meeting with President Buhari in Aso Villa on Monday. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.