Awoof Cars Company conducts its business in a manner that guarantees maximum satisfaction by ensuring our customers do not have any issue to worry about. The difference between the rich and the poor is information. When prospective buyers ask if we are a car dealer, we tell them we are not, but a broker: A Broker is a company or an individual who arranges transactions between the seller and the buyer for a commission when the deal is executed. Our services attract a charges of N100, 000. Or more depending on the car .You can pay directly to the auction company yourself anytime we buy or win a car on your behalf. All you need is a domiciliary account or Naira account with any of the Nigerian bank. Alternatively, you can make the payment to the auction company through us as we will also assist you to handle the entire buying, shipping and clear processes professionally. We will land the car at a more affordable price that fits your budget compared to what the dealers are selling here in Nigeria. This is what our company has for clients compared to what dealers in Nigerian will offer you. 1. We make sure we buy cars that are affordable based on your reasonable budget. Do you know you can actually get any TOYOTA products or any type of products for a low budget as far as you are ready to pay a security deposit? We shall teach you how it works. We have been in existence since 2014. You just have to trust our company and be ready to work with us, if not you will keep spending a lot more to the car dealers; we understand you might be skeptical to part with your money pending the arrival of the car. We only require a security deposit of N150, 000 or 10% of your total budget for bidding (Refundable fee) to kick start the process. This deposit is to confirm to us that you are ready to buy your car through us. If you change your mind, we will honorably refund the money within 72 hours. Kindly note that you can request for our operational registration certificate (CAC CERTIFICATE) to verify of our genuineness or you can meet with the company lawyer for more verification and they will be glad to enter an agreement with you on behalf of our company in either our office or their.. 2. We will buy a car that has a SECURED AIRBAG; do you know that 72 per cent of cars on Nigerian roads do not have an Airbag? These are the cheapest cars at the auction and that is what the dealers will sell to you after fixing them in Nigeria. They do this because some people just want to buy cars they see irrespective of the condition. We make sure we do not buy cars for you, do you know that 34 per cent of cars in Nigeria have a flood history and that is why the air-conditioner will never work perfectly. Ordinarily, a good car should have a chilly air-conditioner. 3. At Awoof cars, we will never buy a severely damaged vehicle for you but you can get a car that has a dent at the back and not in the front because of the engine. Any car that has had head-on collision, there is this tendency that the engine would have been affected. Actually, up to 80 per cent of cars on Nigeria road have a history of being front damaged. Below is how our services work: 1. Visit www.copart.com or www.iaai.com and search for any car of your choice. Send us the LOT NUMBER link E.g https://www.copart.com/lot/27691579, or we can help you search and send you three different pictures and you will have to choose one that we can then bid on. 2. You pay for BUYING, TRUCKING and SHIPPING 72 hours after we’ve won the bid. We then send you the bill of lading after three weeks as we ship through Grimaldi and AES. Our company will handle the clearance and you pay us balance after you come to our office for inspection or when we deliver to you in any state. You can take a step of faith by visiting our physical office and meet with our representatives who will show you how our process works. We thank those of you that have done business with us, those that have visited our office, Those that have sent money without coming and those that have just placed their order, as we urge them to keep referring us to their relatives, friends, colleagues and associates. Visit our website today to get started, or walk into our main office in Lagos. AWOOF CARS AUCTION SERVICES INT’L LIMITED
35B ABISOGUN LEIGH, OGBA, IKEJA, Lagos
Phone 01-2911515, 08023851599
what -sap: +2348023851599
Email: awoofautoauction@mail.com
Website: www.awoofcarsauction.com Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.