In September 2019, the University of Dundee was named the “University of the Year” for Student Experience by The Sunday Times Good University Guide 2020. The title confirms that Dundee is one of the best places in the United Kingdom to be a student. Quality education is a top priority at the University of Dundee as we have received a gold award, the highest possible honor in the Teaching Excellence Framework 2017. The University of Dundee is driven by the interest of impacting and transforming lives through the creation and application of knowledge globally. The University of Dundee offers Bachelors, Masters and Ph.D. programmes related to business, law, nursing, social work, computing, engineering oil and gas industry, and energy among others. There is a wide range of training and development opportunities for undergraduate students, postgraduate students and researchers, all within a supportive and structured framework in which to develop professional skills and increase the chances of securing employment and building a career portfolio. Each year the university has students from Nigeria and other parts of the world coming to study because of the outstanding facilities, exceptional student experience and excellent graduate employability which the university offers.  The university also awards Global Excellence Scholarships worth £5,000 to the best and brightest students who want to study at Dundee. The admission process for the January 2020 and September 2020 sessions has started for interested students seeking high-quality teaching in a compact and friendly campus with highly qualified Lecturers. Professor Peter McEleavy from Dundee Law School, Dr Emma Burnett from the School of Nursing and Health Sciences, Mr Nick Andrews, Senior International Officer, and Mr Conor Keir a recent graduate of the university will be excited to share knowledge about admission process with students at this open event. This event will yet again create another opportunity for potential students to meet with Academics of this great institution in person. Delegates will also be happy to make on the spot admission offers to eligible students who attend with their academic documents. This year’s event will hold on: Date: Friday, October 25th, 2019
Time: 3pm – 6pm
Venue: Radisson Blu Hotel, 38/40 Isaac John Street, GRA Ikeja, Lagos.  To book your seats, contact:  Maria Ojehseme West Africa Recruitment Officer +234(0)8175133447 m.z.ojehseme@dundee.ac.uk  For further information on the university; visit the website https://www.dundee.ac.uk/ Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.