The 2015 governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in Abia State, Chief Nyerere Anyim, has stated that South-East geopolitical zone was doomed under the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). He claimed that with the high positions the South-East occupied during ex-President Goodluck Jonathan-led administration in Nigeria, South-East region was not better for it. Anyim who spoke in an interview with newsmen, Sunday, stated that the welfare of the South Easterners was now better protected under the present President Muhammadu Buhari-led APC administration in the last four years than the sixteen years of PDP inglorious rule that almost ruined the nation’s economy. The APC chieftain dismissed the notion in many quarters that the present Buhari government has continued to marginalized the geopolitical zone, stating that under Buhari administration, the second Niger bridge has received attention, the Enugu/Port Harcourt expressway and Enugu/Onitsha road receiving a new touch. “Under PDP, the Igbo had the coordinating minister for finance, we had the Chief of Army Staff, we had the Secretary to the Government of the Federation. At one time, we had the Senate President of this country and the Speaker of House of Representatives but what did that translate to the Igbo nation? What was the impact of these big names. “The Enugu/Port Harcourt road became a death trap. The Enugu/Onitsha road was more or less a farmland at the express road, the second Niger bridge was a mirage, in terms of infrastructural development, we were totally forgotten when our brothers and sisters were occupying sensitive positions”. He also added that in Aba, the commercial nerve centre of Abia State, President Buhari has boosted industrialization by constructing a power station in Ariaria international market to give them constant power supply and other interventions the federal government has made to give the region a sense of belonging. The APC chieftain, berated Igbo style of politics and penchant for trying to put its eggs in one basket, saying the attitude has alienated the South-East zone from the nation’s decision-making tables. Anyim stated that the zone needed to be more proactive in national politics, pointing out that, that would enable them to attract development to the South East. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.