The gubernatorial candidate of the People’s Redemption Party, PRP, in the forthcoming November 16th governorship election in Kogi State, Engr. Ayodele Raymond Ajibola has distanced himself from the purported endorsement of the All Progressives Congress, APC, candidate Alhaji Yahaya Bello for second term in office. It could be recalled that the media was awash last week that a coalition of 45 political parties have jointly adopted Governor Bello as their candidate in the November 16 governorship election in Kogi State. The Chairman of the coalition, Sani Teidi, who announced this at a press conference on Wednesday in Lokoja, 16th November, 2019 said the parties decided to adopt Mr Bello to boost his re-election bid. DAILY POST gathered that 12 of the parties in the coalition are fielding candidates in the election, while 15 others have no candidates. The coalition also included 18 political parties that had earlier voluntarily withdrawn from the election to brighten the chances of Mr Bello in the election. The parties with candidates according to the Coalition that endorsed Bello’s second term bid include Accord Party, Alliance for Democracy, Green Party of Nigeria, Peoples Party of Nigeria, National Conscience Party, Young Democratic Party and Justice Must Prevail Party. Others are Zenith Labour Party, Peoples Progressives Party, Hope Democratic Party, Africa Action Alliance and Peoples Redemption Party. But the PRP candidate Engr. Ajibola in an interview with DAILY POST on Saturday said his party was not and would never be part of any endorsement because he is prepared and ready to square it up with anyone in the forthcoming election. The governorship candidate noted that, he had toiled and sweated to emerge as the candidate of one of the oldest political parties in Nigeria, PRP, and as such would never trade his credibility for peanut offered to political parties by the ruling All Progressives Party to publicly endorse Yahaya Bello. His words,” We are prepared to go into the election with all seriousness and as such won’t sell ourselves and party to any party and candidate whatsoever for peanuts. “Even if there is any agreement for endorsement with anyone in our party, it should be negotiated with the national officers of my party. The PRP at the national level have not in anyway intimated me of any agreement with APC and their candidate. On this note, I dissociates myself and party from any endorsement of any candidate”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.