A Federal High Court in Abuja has ordered the final forfeiture of N601 million to Nigerian Government. According to a statement by the spokesman of Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Wilson Uwujaren, Justice Giwa Ogunbanjo gave the order on Thursday. The statement said the court ordered the final forfeiture of N550million and N51million, respectively being proceeds of fraud identified as belonging to one Okunrinboye Titus and domiciled in a commercial bank. The anti-graft agency said it made a final forfeiture application for the monies before Justice Giwa on Monday, following the prosecution of Okunrinboye and two others – Vincent Odafen and Muara Gambo –for allegedly running and operating companies said to be used to siphon public funds under the guise of contracts or consultancy. The prosecution counsel, Mohammed Abubakar, had told the court that the EFCC had complied with the judge’s stipulation by advertising the interim forfeiture application. “We have complied and we’re now back to apply for final forfeiture and the affidavit in support of the motion on notice, as the defendant has not filed any counter,” Abubakar stated. Justice Giwa, however, asked the prosecution counsel to serve the defendant the notice on the motion. He also urged Abubakar to make sure that the account number filed by the prosecution for the forfeiture was thoroughly verified to be a Central Bank account number and must be supported with documents to ensure that where the funds would be transferred was a genuine Federal Government’s account before adjourning until October 10 for ruling on the final forfeiture application. At the resumed hearing on Thursday, the prosecution counsel urged the court to grant EFCC’s prayers since there was no counter-affidavit against the application. The motion on notice filed by the EFCC for the final forfeiture reads, “A final order of this honourable court for forfeiture to the Federal Government of Nigeria of funds lying in the Zenith Bank Account No.208383581 (OKUNRINBOYE TOMSIN TITUS). “A final order of this honourable court for final forfeiture to the Federal Government of Nigeria of the funds lying in the Zenith bank account No. 1004702420(OKUNRINBOYE TOMSIN TITUS). “An order of this honourable court directing Zenith Bank to forthwith transfer the forfeited funds to the Central bank of Nigeria.” Justice Giwa granted the prayers of the prosecution and placed an order, directing Zenith Bank to transfer the forfeited funds into the Cash Assets Final Forfeiture of the Central Bank of Nigeria. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.