The Nigerian Ambassador to Thailand, Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli, has rallied support for the country. Admitting that Nigeria was facing some challenges, Bamalli noted that the present government was up to the task. The envoy, who spoke on Tuesday in Bangkok at a meeting in Thai government officials, the business community, among others, urged more companies to invest in Nigeria. Bamalli said: “Today, Nigeria under the able leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari is taking its rightful place in the comity of nations. The gains of domestic governance cannot be over emphasized. “However, for many years, Nigeria went through dark periods of military rule and few years of democratic government. In the last 20 years, the country has maintained and sustained democratic rules and structure continuously. “The focus of this administration is to diversify its economy and improve its revenue base. In that regard, Nigeria being one of the leading oil producing countries in the world has always maintained about 70% of its GDP in oil over the years. “Right now, the diversification into other key areas such as agriculture and solid minerals has started recording significant results. Nigeria being the largest economy in Africa with a teeming population of 200 million, is presently the gateway to the continent of Africa. “Today, Nigeria dominates the banking, insurance, telecommunication, transportation and small scale manufacturing sectors in the entire West Africa. In addition, Nigeria has very large deposits of solid minerals that presently investors within this sector are very much welcome to Nigeria. “We acknowledge some challenges burdening on security in certain locations in the country. I am pleased to say that it has been degraded significantly. However, foreign investments, particularly private businesses from all over the world are coming into the country. “Since my arrival in Thailand, we have facilitated numerous visits for Thai entrepreneurs to visit Nigeria, and I am sure that they have rewarding and beautiful experiences to share. “In this regard, I use this opportunity to extend invitation to all Thai citizens to visit Nigeria as there are new business opportunities in our nation. Nigeria and Thailand have continued to benefit by every lip and bound from a very warm and cordial relations. “Nigeria’s bilateral cooperation with Thailand is very cordial. We have recorded some high level visits in the past and hoping that during every international multilateral forum, highest level of meetings will be organized for both leaders, which will eventually solidify the road map of excellent relationship between the two friendly countries.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.