A member of Senate Committee on Interior and Senator representing Enugu North Senatorial district, Chukwuka Utazi on Friday said, prison inmates in Nigeria have rights to be fed well while in detention. Speaking at the 2020 budget defence of the Ministry of Interior, he said, inmates in prisons should first be fed before any other thing. He explained that the condition of Nigeria Correctional Service facilities across the nation makes insanity out inmates after service, a situation he said, was the worst anywhere in the world. According to him, he has been to those facilities, saying, the ration for inmates was not anything near treatment of human beings while asking the Interior Minister, Rauf Aregbesola to improve feeding of inmates. “Hon. Minister of Interior, you have to feed your inmates in prison well before any other thing. The ration is not anything near human treatment. “If anyone is sane before getting to Prisons, he would be insane after coming out because of I’ll treatment. I know what I am talking about because I have been there. Feed them well.” Responding, the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola decried that there was no release of capital funds meant for feeding of prison inmates. Expressing concern over the plight of inmates, he said, they could turn Nigeria’s Correctional Service into enterprise centres, if funds were made available. “We are all concerned about the condition of Nigeria’s concentration camps. We can turn our Correctional Service into enterprise centres if there is adequate release of funds. ” The Minister further disclosed how 40 fire fighting trucks were manufactured for Nigeria’s Fire Service by the Turkish government while lamenting that Nigeria could not pay. In his clarification on the ongoing Civil Defense recruitment, he explained: “about 2,500,000 applied for Civil Defense recruitment out of which 1,850,000 have been cleared.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.