The Delta State chapter of the Committee for the Defence of Human Rights, CDHR on Tuesday, urged President Muhammadu Buhari to obey Court orders and immediately release Mr. Omoyele Sowore, convener of the RevolutionNow protest. Sowore was detained and arraigned before a Federal High Court, which earlier granted him bail. However, Department of State Security under the watch of President Buhari has refused to release him despite a court order. The CDHR made the call during a peaceful rally against bad governance in the streets of Warri. In a chat with newsmen, the CDHR Chairman, Comrade (Dr.) Prince Kehinde-Taiga the disobedience to court orders is against the rule of law and the judiciary. “We call on President Muhammadu Buhari to respect the law of this country. At 59, the road is bad. They should be fixed. From Warri to Benin, the road is very bad. “He should fulfill his campaign promises to Nigerians. Our health institutions should be put in good shape. This is the constitutional right of every citizens.” On his part, CDHR Assistant Secretary, Comrade Israel Joe said,”The detention of Sowore that has been granted bail by the Federal High Court, we are calling on the President to immediately heed to the Judiciary. “This is because there is a clear cut separation of power between the Executive and the Judiciary and even with the Legislature. ” So, we are calling on the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria at 59, that we must respect the rights of our citizens. “We must understand the fact that police are there to protect us. They’re not there to kill us. We must respect the section of the constitution that empowers us that our phones are our private properties. ” Nigeria police should not invade our phones. The military is not there to checkmate the excesses of the society. They should respect their boundary. “That’s why we are coming together to at 59, to say No to bad governance. Our roads should be fixed. Even estimated bill by BEDC, even if their contract will end by December, they must ensure that our light is put in place. There’s no nation that grows without power. Even communities don’t have lights.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.