A 39-year-old Evangelist, John Abiodun, has been arraigned before a Magistrates’ Court sitting in Akure for allegedly providing the police with false information. Evangelist Abiodun was accused of allegedly blackmailing, insulting and telling lies against Pastor Gbenga Akinbiyi of the Religion of the Church of God, Promise Land Prophetical Ministry, Shasha Area, Akure where he used to worship before things went awry between the two. It was gathered Abiodun had through social media accused Pastor Akinbiyi of planting fetish objects including placenta as well as new born baby at the altar of the church. DAILY POST had reported how police operatives from the Force Headquarters, Abuja stormed the church over the allegations which was later discovered to be false. At the arraignment of Abiodun at the court, the prosecuting counsel, Inspector Martins Olowofeso told the court that the accused person committed the offence on March 2019 at about 11 am within Akure Magisterial District which he said is contrary to and punishable under sections 188, 191 and 204 of the criminal code cap 37, vol 1 laws of Ondo state of Nigeria 2006. The charge sheet reads, “That you John Abiodun on the 28th day of March 2019 at about 11 am at Chief Magistrate Court, Akure did falsely sworn to an affidavit on oath before the Commissioner for Oaths knowing fully to be false with intent to mislead members of the public and thereby committed an offence, contrary to and punishable under section 188 of the criminal code cap 37, vol 1 laws of Ondo state of Nigeria 2006. “That you John Abiodun on the same date, time and place in the aforementioned magistrate court did make a false statement on oath knowing fully to be false and thereby committed an offence, contrary to and punishable under section 191 of the criminal code cap 37 vol 1 laws of Ondo state of Nigeria 2006. “That you John Abiodun did does an act and insult the religion of the Church of God, Promised land Prophetical Ministry, Shasha Area, Akure in order to prevent free officiating and worship of the Church and thereby committed an offence, contrary to and punishable under section 204 of the criminal code cap 37, vol 1 laws of Ondo state of Nigeria 2006.” Inspector Olowofeso, however, prayed the court to adjourn the case in order for him to study the case file adding that he had about four witnesses to call on the matter. The accused person, who was represented by Barrister Maria Bolorunduro, however, pleaded not guilty to the three counts charge leveled against him. His counsel, Mrs. Bolorunduro urged the court to allow her client to bail on liberal terms saying that the offence he committed was a bailable offence. According to her, the accused person would not jump bail if passionately granted bail and that he is ready to provide a credible surety. Delivering her ruling, the presiding Magistrate Ruth Olomilua granted the accused person to bail on the sum of N500,000 with two sureties who must be residing within the court jurisdiction and as well swear to an affidavit of means. Magistrate Olomilua subsequently adjourned the case till 18th October 2019 for hearing. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.