Plateau State Governor, Simon Lalong, has congratulated Samuel Ortom on his victory at the Benue Governorship Elections Petitions Tribunal. Lalong, stated this, on Monday, at the 2019 Jos International Trade Fair. “I wish to congratulate Governor Samuel Ortom on his victory at the general election and verdict of the elections petitions tribunal. The presence of Benue delegation here is a testament to the cordial relationship between the two states. I hope that next year’s trade fair, we will have Benue yam competing with Plateau yam,” said Lalong. Ortom was represented at the event by the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Trade and Commerce, Mrs Helen Angwe. Angwe said that relationship between the two states had been cordial over the years. She said apart from being the ‘Food Basket of the Nation’, Benue is endowed with natural resources and abundant manpower resource. Angwe, listed resources like coal, kaolin and limestone as awaiting investors to exploit. “If we are to reciprocate every person in Benue would have been here. But because of certain challenges our good intentions of attending previous trade fairs in Jos were truncated. I want to assure that our presence at this very trade fair is to lubricate our relationship and plan better for the next one,” Angwe said. On tourism development in Plateau, the Governor said his administration has committed so much towards the enthronement of peace and unity in the state which has paved way for tourism and other economic activities to thrive. “Since assuming office in 2015, our administration has continued to remove all obstacles that are inimical to economic growth such as insecurity, poor infrastructure, and stress of doing business among others. “We have made a lot of progress in turning around the security situation, such that many investors are now eager to bring their money into Plateau State and are reaping huge benefits.This has not only encouraged us to do more in marketing the business and investment opportunities on the Plateau to the outside world, but equally assisted us in mapping out strategies of achieving Sustainable Economic Rebirth,” he said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.