The Nigeria Police Force have released the list of successful applicants in the ongoing controversial 10,000 constable recruitment, despite a court order that status quo be maintained in the recruitment exercise. DAILY POST reported yesterday that the Federal High Court, Abuja suspended the planned recruitment of 10,000 constables into the Nigeria Police Force, NPF. The Police Service Commission, PSC, in a suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/1120/19 had dragged the NPF, the Inspector General of Police, IGP and the Minister of Police Affairs to court as first, second and third respondents respectively. The PSC sought an interlocutory injunction restraining the defendants, their officers and representatives including anybody or person acting on their behalf from appointing, recruiting or attempting to appoint or recruit by any means whatsoever any person into any office in the first defendant pending the hearing and determination of the substantive suit. The NPF had last week announced that members of the general public, particularly candidates who participated in the recruitment exercise were advised to note that the final list of successful candidates would be released only after the receipt of the Recruitment Report and final vetting of the list by the IGP. However, the NPF on Thursday evening said “The Inspector General of Police, IGP M.A Adamu, NPM, mni, has vetted and given approval for the release of the final and authenticated list of successful candidates who participated in the ongoing recruitment exercise into the Nigeria Police Force. Below is the list of successful candidates: https://www.npf.gov.ng/information/index.php “ “General Instructions
i. All the successful candidates are to report at the Police Colleges/Training Schools indicated against their States.
ii. The training and documentation shall commence on Monday, 28th October, 2019 and closes on Friday 1st November, 2019.Failure to report for Training within the stipulated time will mean that the candidate has declined the offer. iii. Candidates are to report with the following items:
a. Two (2) pairs of White Shorts
b. Two (2) pairs of white round neck vest
c. Two (2) pairs of white canvas
d. Two (2) pairs of white socks
e. Two (2) white pillow cases
f. Two (2) sets of white bed-sheet
g. Sport wears
h. Mosquito Net
i. Cutlery
j. Cutlass
k. Broom
l. Bucket
m. Original and photocopies of Credentials
n. Recent Passport Photograph.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.