Indigenes of Ogbaru in Ogbaru Local Government Area of Anambra State have been sacked by flood from their residences. Our correspondent, who visited the area, gathered this was as a result of constant rainfall in the area, which has sacked students and traders from schools and markets respectively. Our correspondent observed that academic activities have been put on hold to avert endangering the lives of teachers and pupils, just as economic activities have remained on hold as markets have remained closed. A leader in the area, who identified himself as the Iyasele of Atani, Chief Augustine Uyanne, attributed the flood menace to the overflow of the river banks and poor drainage system in the area. Chief Uyanne lamented that his house was also affected, forcing him to relocate, while calling for urgent intervention by relevant agencies, insisting that the people of the area were in grave danger. “We no longer sleep in our houses, even when we do, we cannot sleep with our two eyes closed, lest we be swept into the river by flood. “More than three persons have already lost their lives within a space of two weeks as a result of this flood. We are devastated, and we are calling on government to come to our aid.” The state government had earlier called on people living in riverine areas of the state to be at alert and be ready to relocate to internally displaced peoples camps, which it insisted had been fully equipped to house displaced people. Some of the displaced persons were seen taking refuge at Ogbaru council Secretariat. One of them, Mr. Chukwudi Izukanne, who spoke to DAILY POST appealed for assistance from government and donor agencies to alleviate their plights as their means of livelihood has been submerged by flood. “We commend the efforts of the Ogbaru council boss, Mr. Arinzechukwu Awogu for his quick response in evacuating us from our homes but we still need to be assisted by government agencies for us to be able to live normally in this camp.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.