Following the murder of Ondo Catholic Priest, Reverend Father Godwin Ofonyelu and his younger brother, Obikwelu Ofonyelu, a prime suspect in the crime, Simeon Nonye Anyaegbu has been arrested by men of the Nigeria Police. Anyaegbu was apprehended on Tuesday, October 15, 2019, in connection with the alleged armed robbery and gruesome murder of late Revd Father Ofonyelu and his late brother in 2015. It was gathered that the suspect was arrested in Port Harcourt, Rivers State by operatives of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) with his subsequent transfer to the Ondo Police Command. It would be recalled that in 2015, the Catholic Priest, Godwin, 40 and his brother, Obikwelu, 36 were allegedly killed by the suspect and his gang members who are still at large when the deceased brothers were travelling along Owo-Ikare Akoko road while on their way from Lagos to Ikare. Anyaegbu who hails from Umuajana Village, Ebenebe, Awka North Local Government Area of Anambra State was alleged to have masterminded the armed robbery and the killings of the two men because of a land dispute. Meanwhile, since the arrest of the suspect over a week ago, the family of the deceased have raised alarm over the continued delay by the police towards charging the suspect to court. one of the family members who craved anonymity accused the police of complicity as he stated that the suspect ought to have been charged to court since Tuesday, October 22, 2019. Father of the deceaseds, Christian Ofonyelu while calling for justice in the gruesome murder of his children, cried out over the alleged threat to his life and his family members by the suspect. In a petition addressed to the Deputy Commissioner of Police, Ondo State Police Command which was dated 19/08/2019, Mr Godwin Ofonyelu, through his legal counsels said “Sir, this is to inform you that one Simeon Nonye Anyaegbu of Umuajana Village, Ebenebe, Awka North Local Government, Anambra State has confessed to masterminding the armed robbery and their killings because of the land disput with our client.” Reacting to the issue, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the state, Mr. Femi Joseph who confirmed the arrest of the suspect, said the police would follow due process in investigating the case. The Police spokesman stated that the case would be charged to court at the appropriate time. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.