Kogi Socio-cultural group, Ujache Igala Association has rejected the impeachment of Kogi State Deputy Governor, Chief Simon Achuba by the State House of Assembly. The group described the impeachment as a hoax which was executed by inexperienced lawmakers without recourse to ill-feelings of the people as a result of the wobbling brand of democracy in Kogi State. In a statement issued by the group’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Atekojo Samson Usman and made available to journalists in Lokoja on Saturday, the socio-cultural group said, the development was unacceptable in the obvious bias that trailed the processes particularly that the governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello vowed to do away with Chief Simon Achuba who previously refused to succumb to anti-peoples policies in the State. The statement said that the impeachment has further exposed Kogi members as puppets and appendages of the executive who wait to take instructions from the executive before knowing what to do. “The impeachment of Kogi Deputy Governor is unacceptable. We are living witnesses to how Mr. Achuba refused to succumb to the anti-peoples policies in Kogi State and that is how the governor vowed to do away with him. “The Rt. Hon. Simon Kolawole led Kogi State House of Assembly has been exposed as puppets and appendages of the Lugard House. They would always wait to take instructions from Yahaya Bello because they are never an independent arm”, the group insisted. They further asserted that there was a twist to the development as a result of Chief Edward Onoja’s desperation to occupy the Deputy Governorship office at all cost. In doing the bidding of the executive to pave way for the former Chief of Staff, the State House of Assembly goofed, and acted blindly to their constitutional responsibility. According to them, Simon Achuba’s revelation of humongous financial mess by Governor Bello in almost four years, which leaves the people in abject poverty should have formed the lawmakers’ sense of reasoning. “There was a twist of Edward Onoja’s interest at occupying the office at all cost and the House of Assembly did not take into cognizance their own responsibility to balance personal interest with official interest. “The State Assembly would have looked at the revelation of financial misappropriation by the governor which has made poverty out of the people in the state”, they said. They expresses belief that the impeachment would be upturned by the Court of competent jurisdiction in due course. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.