Barely 3 weeks to the governorship election in Kogi state, the Attah of Igala and President, Kogi State Traditional Council, HRM Dr. Micheal Ameh Oboni II, has conferred Igala traditional title on Governor Yahaya Bello, as the Oga-Onu-Ogu-Attah of the Igala kingdom. The event was held on Saturday at the palace of the Attah of Igala, Idah and had in attendance dignitaries, particularly the deputy Speaker, House of Representatives, Alhaji Ahmed Idris Wase. The Attah of Igala noted that, the conferment of traditional titles by him were very rare gesture as he was always keen at giving such titles to worthy individuals. This follows an earlier gift of Rolls Royce dolled out to the Igala king by the governor’s allies. But the traditional ruler asserted that those who were conferred with the traditional titles were well deserving sons and friends of Igala kingdom who have used their positions to add value to the lives of the people. Governor Bello in his remarks, on behalf of the beneficiaries, thanked the royal father and the entire Igala kingdom for such a privileged gesture. He revealed that since his visit to the Attah’s palace when he was to contest at the APC primaries in 2015, the traditional ruler adopted him as a son, adding that he has been privileged to stand on the shoulder of a giant. Making reference to a quote by Attah, the governor pointed out that the people of the state, particularly the Igala, Ebira and Okun were all descendants from Kwararafa, adding that those who discriminate people of different ethnic and peddled ethnic bigotry were the real enemies mitigating the progress of the state. Governor Bello described the Attah’s gesture as a proof that he was a true father of the state, noting that whoever speaks against his action would be referred to history. The governor pointed out that his administration has made tremendous effort at ensuring the unity and togetherness of the state by making sure that persons in the state irrespective of their ethnicity or religion were treated with equity and fairness. He affirmed that his administration was on the right path in delivering the dividends of democracy to the people of the state and would not rest on its oars until such desires were actualised. Traditional titles were also conferred on the Deputy Governor of the State, Honourable Edward Onoja and the Secretary to the State Government Dr Mrs. Folashade Ayoade Arike as the Olimele-Attah and Omi Ekele-Attah of the Igala Kingdom respectively Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.