Good morning! Here’s today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Federal High Court, Abuja, on Friday, ordered the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to remand Abdulrasheed Maina, former Chairman, Pension Reform Task Team, in the Nigerian Correctional Service’s centre pending the determination of the case. Justice Okon Abang, who gave the order, adjourned the matter till Oct. 30 for the commencement of trial. 2. The Supreme Court on Friday upheld the election of Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State. In two unanimous judgments, a seven-man panel of the apex court upheld the two appeals by Wike on the grounds that they were meritorious. It also upheld two appeals filed by Wike against the decisions of the Court of Appeal which had upturned the dismissal of a petition filed by the African Action Congress, AAC, and its candidate in the 2019 governorship election, Awara Biokpomabo Festus. 3. The Edo State Police Command on Friday arraigned a lawmaker in the state House of Assembly, Ugiagbe Dumez, before the State Criminal Court on allegation of forgery and impersonation. According to the police, Dumez and one other person now at large allegedly committed the offence sometime in 2001. The 45-year-old lawmaker was arraigned before Judge Ohimai Ovbiagele on six counts bordering on forgery and impersonation. 4. Governor Abdullah Ganduje of Kano State has instituted a commission of inquiry to investigate infringement of the rights of the nine rescued children kidnapped from Kano and sold in Anambra. Ganduje, in a statement issued by his Chief Press Secretary, Abba Anwar, named Justice Wada Umar-Rano as Chairman of the commission, stating that the commission of inquiry would also “conduct an inquiry into cases of missing persons in Kano State from the 2010 to date.” 5. Alleged kidnap kingpin, Chukwudimeme Onwuamadike, famously known as Evans, has opted for plea bargain with the Lagos State Government over his attempt to kidnap a leading transporter in Lagos. The Defence Counsel to Onwuamadike, Mr. R.B.C. Eke, disclosed this during proceedings at an Ikeja Special Offences Court on Friday. 6. An Abuja Federal High Court on Friday refused to entertain a suit seeking the disqualification of Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello, from participating in the November 16 governorship election. The trial judge, Justice Ijoema Ojukwu, transferred the suit brought before it by the candidate of platform of the Social Democratic Party, SDP, Natasha Akopti, seeking to disqualify Bello from the poll. 7. Senate Committee Chairman on Special duties, Senator Yusuf Yusuf on Friday during the budget defence of the North East Development Commission sent journalists out of the session. Yusuf, through the administrative Clerk to the Committee, Kabir Yaba Umar ordered that no journalist should cover the session except the NTA, even when Senate Press Corps was officially invited for the session. 8.The Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC), has described the killing of a road user, Samuel Odion, by four officials of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) as callous, wicked and detestable. MURIC in a statement by its director, Professor Ishaq Akintola, called for immediate prosecution of the suspects. 9. Salamatu Bello, a victim of alleged sexual harassment by a university lecturer, on Friday, staged a solo protest round Kaduna metropolis to highlight the plight of female students in the country. Bello was reportedly sexually abused while she was a student of Ahmadu Bello University (ABU) Zaria in 2010, and the lecturer alleged to have molested her is now with Kaduna State University (KASU). 10. Organised labour on Friday commended the decision of the Federal Government to sanction trade unions that had failed to submit details of their yearly audited accounts to the Ministry of Labour and Employment. The union leaders noted that such conduct negated the Trade Union Act which stipulated a stringent annual submission of audited accounts for unions. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.