Senate on Wednesday confirmed Mr Adeleke Moronfolu Adewolu as Executive Commissioner of the Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC. The confirmation followed a satisfactory report of Senate Committee on Nigerian Communications Commission. In the report, Senate Committee Chairman, Senator Oluremi Tinubu explained that the nominee whose name was transmitted to the Upper Chambers by President Muhammadu Buhari was scrutinised and found worthy to serve as the Executive Commissioner of the NCC. She said the nominee would replace the former NCC Commissioner representing South West on the NCC if confirmed as Commissioner by the Senate. “That the Senate do consider the request of Mr. President and C-C on the confirmation of appointment of Adeleke Moronfolu Adewolu as Executive Commissioner of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) in accordance with section 8 (1) of the Nigerian Communications unit, 2003.” Tinubu further noted that the erstwhile Commissioner, Mr. Sunday Dare has been inaugurated as Minister of Sports by President Muhammadu Buhari, hence, the vacuum he left would be filled by the incoming Commissioner on the governing board of the NCC. However, Senator Uche Ekwunife raised a concern, stating that there was no representative Commissioner nominee on the NCC board from the South East, saying that it was against the Federal Character principle. “Mr, President, distinguished colleagues, Section (8)1 stated that all the six geopolitical zones of Nigeria should have members serving on the board. ” ” As I speak Sir, South West – 2, North West – 2, South-South – 1, North East – 1, North Central – 2. “South East is completely out and I hereby seek the leave of my colleagues for you to intervene in this matter. This is an opportunity to correct this anomaly.” Senators Rochas Okorocha (Imo) and Francis Onyewuchi Ezenwa charged the Senate on equitable distribution of government offices based on Federal Character. Ezenwa insisted that the nominee be stepped down until he was overruled by the Senate President, who said, he had ordered investigation into the matter. After the Senate President ordered investigation into the observation raised, he adopted the committee of the whole resolution on the confirmation of the nominee. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.