The Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has reacted to the death of the President of the Muslim Ummah of South West Nigeria, MUSWEN, Alhaji (Chief) Sakariyau O. Babalola. The death of the Lagos-based business mogul and well-known Muslim leader confirmed on Wednesday. He was aged 87. MURIC’s reaction was contained in a statement issued to DAILY POST on Wednesday by its Director Professor Ishaq Akintola on behalf of the Islamic human rights group. MURIC added, “He was also the Vice President-General of the Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA). The deceased was a committed Muslim who spent the greater part of his life promoting the religion of Islam. “Babalola was a lover of young Nigerians and he empowered many economically. An industrialist of great repute, he was a strong believer in hardwork, dignity and honesty. He was also a disciplinarian of no small measure. “Popularly known as ‘SOB’, Alhaji S. O. Babalola was a sociable personality in the 70s and 80s and Fuji musicians waxed records in his praise. Alhaji Babalola was a popular philanthropist who rescued thousands of poor Nigerians from poverty. To his credit were several chieftaincy titles. “He was kind-hearted, humane and pious. Alhaji Babalola was visionary and he encouraged his close associates to plan for the future. He was the most popular and dynamic Muslim leader in the South West. Nigerian Muslims will miss him. “MURIC mourns Alhaji Sakariyau Babalola with nostalgia. Reminiscences of his action-packed interactions with us at meetings, conferences and long trips flash intermittently in our minds. He was an incomparable father and mentor. Our hearts bleed. “Alhaji Babalola was succeeded by many children, among them was Remi Babalola, a former minister. “May Almighty Allah overlook his trespasses, widen his grave and make his Qiyamah and Al-Akhirah (Resurrection and Hereafter) events of joy for him. May Allah continue to protect and bless all he left behind. “ Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.