Former Premier League stars, Robin van Persie and Ian Wright, have criticised Arsenal manager, Unai Emery for his tactical approach following the Gunners’ 1-1 draw with Manchester United in the Premier League on Monday night. Arsenal went behind to a Scott McTominay effort, before Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang equalized for Emery’s men. But Van Persie and Wright are now unhappy with the way Emery set up his side against Ole Gunner Solskjaer’s men at Old Trafford. “The disappointing thing from my side of it, when you look at chances created, Arsenal did do as much in the second half but I think his selection initially [was wrong],” Wright told Optus Sport. “With [Granit] Xhaka being the captain it then takes it away from [Lucas] Torreira, because I think Torreira should start and he did. But I do believe [Dani] Ceballos should start. “They could have the protection of Torreira and [Matteo] Guendouzi and a bit more creativity. “Because when you see Aubameyang get one chance, he takes the chance. “If you get a midfielder on it who is going to at least try to get the ball into areas where he can run on to it, if he gets another chance he may score another goal. “I think the manager is just being a bit too cautious. It was a Manchester United team that were lacking in a bit of confidence. “Yes, [Marcus] Rashford and [Paul] Pogba were back but I think that Arsenal should have been a little bit more offensive and really put them under pressure. “You’ve got a centre-half playing at left-back [Axel Tuanzebe] and not enough pressure put on him. “I think [Nicolas] Pepe has got to do a lot more at the moment, we want to see a lot more from him. ‘But I have to go back to the coach, he wasn’t positive enough for me.” However, when asked for his verdict on Emery, Van Persie said: “I agree. The way they started in the second half they should have started the first half. ‘More pressure, chasing the game. Even though you’re just starting the game, try to win it. “Try to play positive, try to attack. ‘They waited 45 minutes for that, it’s too late playing in a game like that.” Emery’s men will now take on Bournemouth in their next Premier League match this weekend at Emirates Stadium. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.