Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Nigeria’s First Lady, Aisha Buhari, has attributed her long stay outside the country to doctor’s instruction. Mrs Buhari, who arrived the country yesterday, said she still needed more rest. 2. The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has given a four-day ultimatum to the Federal Government to accept its demand for the consequential adjustment of salaries, based on the new minimum wage, or risk a nation-wide strike. The NLC urged the state councils to prepare for strike. 3. The All Progressives Congress has lamented the absence of a vibrant and engaging opposition in the country that could help the nation in its journey to reorientation and growth. APC raised the concern that neither the Peoples’s Democratic Party nor the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) had been able to play the conventional opposition role, thereby leaving the country to gravitate towards one-party state. 4. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has rejected what it described as moves by President Muhammadu Buhari-led and All Progressives Congress (APC) administration to gag the media. The party said that freedom of expression, as guaranteed by the nation’s constitution, cannot be subjugated by the federal government under any guise. 5. The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs. Zainab Ahmed, is leading Nigeria’s delegation to the 2019 annual meetings of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and World Bank billed to commence (today) Monday in Washington DC, United States of America. 6. Afenifere has reiterated that the only option that can guarantee Nigeria’s survival today is restructuring. It noted that Nigeria would be heading towards disintegration if things continue the way they are presently going. 7. The Boko Haram leader, Abubakar Shekau, has spoken on the Borno governor’s recent call on insurgents to lay down their arms and embrace government’s amnesty programme. In an 18-minute audio message, Shekau faulted the governor’s claims that some of the insurgents that were forced to join Boko Haram were tired of fighting. 8. At least, 45 individuals were killed in reported violent attacks across Nigeria last week while 13 others were abducted. The Nigerian Army said 39 of those killed were bandits terrorising the country. 9. The presidency on Sunday attacked the main opposition party, PDP, saying the party was missing in key national all issues and only focusing on trivial matters. The Presidency said the main opposition party was carried away by the rumour of President Buhari taking a new wife. 10. The Super Eagles of Nigeria held the Brazil national team to a 1-1 draw in an international friendly played in Singapore on Sunday.
Nigeria took the lead through a brilliant solo effort by Glasgow Rangers striker, Joe Aribo, before Casemiro leveled up two minutes to the end of first half for the Seleção Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.