The National Association of Nigerian Students, NANS, has reacted to a statement credited to the Vice-Chancellor of the Federal University Oye Ekiti (FUOYE), Prof. Kayode Soremekun, that “the student’s body cannot tell him how to run the institution.” NANS, in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Monday, reminded the Vice-Chancellor that FUOYE “remains federal government-owned and not his personal property.” The Nigerian Students had on Sunday threatened a showdown with Prof. Soremekun over increase in some fees payable by students of FUOYE; while also accusing him and the management of “misappropriation of the university’s funds in the course of executing majority of the projects under his watch.” Soremekun wasted no time in debunking the allegations of funds misappropriation through the university’s spokesperson, Godfrey Bakji; adding that NANS could not determine to him how to run FUOYE. But, the students leaders seemed exasperated by the comments of the VC as they expressed worries that “despite the recent mishap, which befell the students of the institution, the only development that could come up from the management of the school to pacify them is to increase tuition fees almost immediately, for no just reason,” adding that “Prof Shoremekun must be examined and checked.” According to Azeez Adeyemi, who is NANS Public Relations Officer, a statement had earlier been issued by the association, warning the management of FUOYE against increasing tuition fees at a time the students are still mourning two of their colleagues who died in a protest. He, however, berated the management for being insensitive to the plight of the students by increasing fees without considering the economic situation of the country. Meanwhile, Adeyemi has called on the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to probe Soremekun over some contracts being awarded in the university. The statement reads in part: “The VC claimed that we can’t substantiate our claims on his misappropriations, but we want him to calm his nerves and wait for the probe panel before which we would present documents. “To the VC, even if you won’t support the President Muhammadu Buhari’s fight against corruption, you should not as well inconvenient the children of the poor and our own members. “Once again, we call on the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission to look into the contract dealings of FUOYE and other financial related matters before the VC edges our students out of school with an unrealistic fees.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.