The leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party in Ado-Ekiti has said it will boycott the December 7 local government election in the state over alleged plot to rig. In a statement signed and made available to newsmen in Ado Ekiti on Wednesday by Hon. Yinka Olomofe on behalf of Ado-Ekiti Council Stakeholders, the party directed its member to distance themselves from the election from a predetermined exercise. The party described the election as a shambolic exercise, alleging that information available revealed that Governor Kayode Fayemi had perfected plans to rig the exercise through political thugs. The opposition party alleged that the Chairman of the State Independent Electoral Commission, Justice Aladejana lacked the moral impetus to superintend over body the electoral body. The party claimed SIEC was not capable of conducting free, fair and credible election since the electoral body was under the whims and caprices of Governor Kayode Fayemi. The party said the ‘purported council election’ was a plan by Governor Fayemi to use EKSIEC as a conduit pipe in looting the state treasury to a tune of N5 billion. “The integrity of the Chairman of State Independent Electoral Commission is in doubt. A man suspended as Chief Judge of the state due to his professional misconduct lacks moral standing to conduct free and fair elections,” the statement read in part. “We also frown at the ridiculous amount of money, which is said to be about N5 billion purportedly allocated for this shoddy exercise. We will not participate in an exercise which is solely aimed at siphoning the state’s scarce resources. “An election predetermined to payback supporters of Fayemi in APC cannot enjoy our participation. We will not give unnecessary
credibility to an election with a predetermined outcome. “APC members in Ado-Ekiti have reliably informed us that the governor has directed his political thugs especially transport workers to matchet, shoot or kill anyone that stands on their way before, during and after elections. “We, therefore, urge our members to continue preparing for 2022
governorship elections which is our focus and allow Kayode Fayemi and
his political thugs continue their peculiar mess. But the All Progressives Congress described the allegations as mere conjectural statements lacking content of validity in all its measures. The Party Publicity Secretary, Hon. Ade Ajayi, challenged the opposition party to come out with facts and figures to substantiate their utopian allegations. Ajayi said APC is readily prepared for the election, saying the party will soon set out its machineries on motion to embark on house to house campaign to garner votes for the party. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.