Legendary Arsenal manager, Arsene Wenger has insisted that Tottenaham Hotspur are ‘destabilised’ due to uncertainty over the future of some key players including playmaker, Christian Eriksen. Wenger also said that he likes Tottenham manager, Mauricio Pochettino because the Argentine has always been quiet, respectful, motivated, worked very well and got a lot of recognition from his own players. The 69-year-old said this following Tottenham’s 3-0 shock defeat to Brighton in the Premier League over the weekend. “I think he [Pochettino] has done very well, what everybody acknowledges,” Wenger told beIN Sport. “But when he came to Tottenham he slowly built them up with a very young generation. Every year people want something more from you. I experienced that at Arsenal. “We were 20 consecutive years in the top four but in the end, it was not enough. “Today, if you get in the Champions League people are very happy. “That means that happens to Pochettino, once you’re four or five years, somewhere, no matter how good a job you have done, you have to show people you can give more, and he’s at that stage. “They are a bit destabilised. When I played them two or three years ago they looked like a young, hungry team who had found good strength, good core of the team with people who were growing together, with people who expressed that hunger, and players from outside who were vital like Eriksen. “Today you don’t feel that exact same chemistry. A player like Eriksen is a bit sidelined because he doesn’t look like he wants to commit to the future of the club. Modern life is down to small margins and at the moment the small margins are not in their favour.” Wenger added: “I like him [Pochettino] very much because he’s always been quiet, respectful, motivated, worked very well and got a lot of recognition from his own players which means he’s a quality manager.” Tottenham’s next Premier League fixture is against Watford on October 19. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.