The Plateau State Police Command on Thursday paraded 17 suspects for crimes ranging from unlawful possession of firearms, kidnapping, armed robbery and culpable homicide among others. The Police also said different kinds of exhibits were recovered from the suspects which include; arms and ammunition as well as assorted charms.   The Command stated this through the Commissioner of Police in the State, Isaac Akinmoyede while addressing journalists at its headquarters in Jos the state capital.   Akinmoyede said, “In pursuance of the objectives of Operation ‘Puff Adder’, the command was able to arrest 17 suspects involved in different heinous crimes. “On 26th September 2019, at about l6:00 hours, SARS operatives of the command arrested a five-man gang who specialized in snatching cars and robbing a Point of Sale (POS) operators in Jos and its environs. “Search conducted at their residences led to the recovery of two foreign-made pistols, and one locally-made revolver pistol, eleven 9mm live ammunition, one Peugeot 406 car with registration No. DKA 944 86. “During interrogation, the suspects confessed that in September 2019. they robbed a POS operator at Kufang Miango road, Jos and in the process, they shot their Victim.   The Police boss said the suspects have also confessed to robbing and killing one POS Operator at Dadin-Kowa and that they also shot one woman in her POS shop in Zarmaganda. He added that the command had called victims and they volunteered statements and confirmed the robbery incidents in their shops, and investigation is still in progress. Also speaking about unlawful possession of firearms, the Police Commissioner said, “On 06th October, 2019, at about 19:10 hours while the operatives of ‘A’ Division were on stop and search at the Apollo Crescent in Jos, they stopped a tricycle with Reg. No. JJN 77] WT, PT No. 18374 for a random search, immediately the tricycle stopped, its occupants took to their heels. “The police operatives then chased them and were able to arrest one of the occupants – one Jonathan Hosea of Kampala, Off Rukuba Road, Jos. When he and the tricycle were searched, the following exhibits were recovered; a locally made single barrel pistol, a cartridge and seven different types of handsets. He said efforts have been intensified to arrest other occupants of the tricycle who are at large to face the full wrath of the law. In the case of a notorious kidnapper and armed robber, the CP said, “On 17th August, 2019, at about 00:21 hours, one Ibrahim Ali Kuru of Lare village, Bogoro LGA of Bauchi State together with seven others broke into the house of one Laben Fidelis Danladi of Ungwan-Rina village in Shendam LGA of Plateau State. “They kidnapped Danladi to an unknown destination and demanded a ransom of N2, 000,000 only. A ransom of one million, two hundred thousand naira was paid before the kidnappers released the victim on 20th August, 2019. “Intelligence received led to the arrest of lbrahun Ali Kuru whom the victim identified as the leader of the gang that kidnapped him. Investigation has been completed and the suspect shall be charged to court soon. The Police Commissioner also said, the Command has recovered firearms and ammunition in Wase LGA and other persons were arrested for crimes ranging from armed robbery, culpable homicide in Bassa, Jos South and Jos North LGAs. Meantime, the Commissioner of Police said the command has charged 54 vehicles for offences ranging from unauthorize use of tinted glasses, unnumbered vehicles among others.  He said the command is doing everything possible to ensure the success of Operation Puff Adder in order to keep the state safe for law-abiding citizens to carry out their lawful duties without any iota of fear.  Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.