The Abia State Government has released date for the formal inauguration of the Twenty-four Commissioner-designates recently screened and confirmed by the State House of Assembly. Recall that Abia State Governor, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, had forwarded the following names to the State House of Assembly for confirmation as Honorable Commissioners in the State Executive Council This was contained in a terse statement forwarded to DAILY POST on Tuesday morning, by the Abia Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi Kalu. The Commissioner-nominees are Honorable Chimaobi Ebisike, Prof Ikechi Mgbeoji, Chief John J. Okoro, Dr Hagler Okorie, Dr Cosmos Ndukwe, Honorable Ugbaja Theophilus Odionyemfe, Onyema Wachuku, Sir G C Onyendilefu and Chief Emeka Ikwuagwu. Others included, Rt. Honorable Eziuche Ubani, Honorable D. K Uduma, Barr Ekele Nwaohanmuo, Mrs Ukachi Amala, Honorable Prince Ezekwesiri Ananaba, Dr Solomon Ogunji, Chief Ikpechukwu Onuoha, Prince Dan Okoli, Barr. Suleiman Ukandu, Dr Aham Uko, Hon. Chijioke Paul Madumere, Dr K. C. K Nwangwa, Chief (Mrs) Uwaoma Olenwengwa, Dr Joe Osuji and Engr. Emma Nwabuko. However, the Abia Government in a statement signed by Barrister Chris Ezem, the Secretary to the State Government (SSG) and obtained by DAILY POST, Thursday, read partly, “Governor Okezie Ikpeazu will Wednesday 16th October 2019 swear into office, Honorable Commissioners /Members of the Abia State Executive Council. “Venue and time for the event are the International Conference Center Umuahia and 12 noon respectively. “All Commissioners Designate are by this notice required to be seated at the venue before the arrival of the Governor. “The Deputy Governor, Honorable Speaker and members of the Abia State House of Assembly, the State Chief Judge, Permanent Secretaries, Chairmen of Local Government Transition Committees, and other top officials of the State Government are hereby invited to the event”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.