The National Identity Management Commission (NIMC), has stirred an outcry on social media from Nigerians over the renewal of National Identify card. NIMC had on Tuesday said the renewal of the National Identity Card will cost three thousand naira (N3,000) payable through remita. NIMC disclosed this through its official Twitter handle on Monday, as well as charging the sum of N5,000 for card replacement. According to the tweet by the Commission, applicants who wish to renew their card can visit any NIMC office with the required documents to obtain their card. The agency, however, stirred reactions online as some Nigerians took to their Twitter handles to express reservations about the new policy. Some complained about the delay in production of National ID card and wondered why that should not be sorted out before an increment in renewal fees. However, others queried the renewal of National ID card after 5 years. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Fifunmirex “Everywhere fraud. No governmental organisation without corrupt practices. The government still pays N18,000 to the least worker and expects him to remove N5,000.We’ll have a country someday but today, we have a masquerade town.” @Olajideobe “Traveling passport, driver’s license & national ID card will all expire, and immigration, FRSC and NIMC will make you pay to get them renewed, but INEC made your voter’s card to have life validity. Only our votes matter to them. This is deliberate wickedness.” @Xplicit_Sam “What is annoying me now is that I registered since 2016 and it’s not ready. By the time it will be ready I’ll prolly use it a few months and it would have expired, that’s even if I get it. Rubbish.” @Funkemyfun “Why do I have to renew my national ID card? Is it not suppose to be permanent? Well, if I fail to renew it come and deport me then.” @Agaraladi “This tweet coming from NIMC is highly irresponsible/insensitive, highly disgraceful,highly incompetent “How hard is it to get my NIMC CARD? For a process I completed since 2014 yet a foreigner can show me his NIMC Card, ” a foreigner oo”, rubbish agency.” @Dammiedammie35 “I registered over 4 years ago and I haven’t gotten a message that my card is ready now you’re talking about renewal , you all are jokers.” @Lagos_media “I personally pity this nation. Where is the card? if ordinary bank can produce e-ATM-card within 5-10 mins, why can’t NIMC give me a permanent E-card after 5 years of registration at its Lagos office?
Now you want to make money from same Nigerians you didn’t offer any quality service.” @Mrugoboss “That means when the card expires, I am no longer a citizen but a foreigner. I will just wait for my Nigerian citizenship to expire so you can deport me to UK. Thank you for the update. I’m not sure if you people think at all.” @Otunbacoff “I’d rather spend money renewing my driver’s license than spend money renewing these things called national ID. Done since 2014 but card wouldn’t arrive until expiration and I’m still going to spend another to renew?? Even voters card sef no dey stress person like this. You all sick in this country.” @Emmytext1 “I have my NIN, that’s what matters. As for the card, I did that stuff in 2014, infact, at their headquarters in Wuse Zone 5, till now, no card.” @Tuulovebirds “I do not think stable people run this agency. They still have the effrontery to ask us to pay when they cannot even produce a simple ID card. Just ID card o.” @Siphonstar “Which National ID card? it’s paper they gave me not plastic and I’ve been waiting for the past 6 years just to collect plastic .” @iamozo “I should renew a card that is still in your office since 2013. I guess among all of the government parastatals NIMC incompetence is the most profound.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.