The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) said it had ratified the October 19 suspension of the Chairman of the association in Oyo State, Com. Olujuwon Michael Asubiojo, as moved at a senate meeting in Ibadan, “over gross misconduct capable of dragging the name of the NANS into the mud.” DAILY POST last week reported that the Oyo State Police Command detained the Chairman, Joint Campus Committee (JCC) of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), in the state, Olujuwon Asubiojo and the treasurer of the union, Akeem Abayomi Ajibade, over alleged misappropriation of funds and illegal sale of association’s bus. DAILY POST gathered that Asubiojo and some executive members of the association were arrested following a petition against them that they have embezzled the association’s money and sold the association’s bus. In a statement signed by NANS Assistant Secretary General, Com Lawrence Olanrewaju, and made available to DAILY POST through its Spokesperson, Azeez Adeyemi, on Sunday, the students body informed that the suspended Chairman had “indulged in various anti-NANS activities, part of which has once sent him behind bars, where he cooled his heels for three days after selling off the union’s bus without notifying anyone.” As a result, the Vice Chairman of NANS in Oyo State, Com. Omoniyi Afeez Oladimeji, has been asked to assume office as the Acting State Chairman of the association. The statement reads;
“NANS wishes to announce the receipt and ratification of the suspension notice of the Chairman of the association in Oyo State, Com. Olujuwon Michael Asubiojo over gross misconduct capable of dragging the name of the association into the mud. “In the communiqué officially submitted to the national Secretariat, the suspended Chairman has indulged in various anti NANS activities part of which has once sent him behind bars, where he cooled his heels for three days after selling off the union’s bus without notifying anyone. “He was suspended at a Senate meeting held at Moore Plantation in Ibadan, Apata area of the state where a total of 11 senators out of 15 existing senators attended, while 10 of them appended their signatures in support of his suspension. “Senator Olutundun Abiodun of (SPED) moved the motion for the suspension and seconded by Senator Akadiri Bayonle of Poly Ibadan who was duly represented by Comr. Akintayo Abioye (VP1). “Also, in the communiqué cosigned by the duo of the association state secretary Salawudeen Oyewale and the PRO Olayiwola Taiwo, the senate sitting however agreed and immediately ordered that the vice chairman (Com Omoniyi Afeez Oladimeji) assume office as the acting state Chairman of the association. “Finally, the National President of NANS shall constitute a committee to embark on a fact finding on happenings that lead to the suspension of the Chairman, and shall act accordingly on the report of the committee.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.