Former Senate leader and Senator representing Borno South Senatorial District, Ali Ndume has expressed surprise for being sued in Court for the first time on political issues. Ndume who chairs Senate Committee on Army stated in Abuja after the Court of Appeal upheld his election, saying that he has contested elections five times which he won without being taken to the tribunal by opponents. The Peoples Democratic Party’s candidate, Mallam Kudiat Satumari sued Ali Ndume of the All Progressives Congress over electoral malpractices which Ndume won at the Tribunal and the Court of Appeal. Speaking with DAILY POST in Abuja, the lawmaker said, his political opponent did not win one out of the nine local governments that made the Borno South Senatorial district, saying that Mallam Kodiak Satumari is a serial failure. “The Court of Appeal judgement in my favour did not come as a surprise. The ruling is a confirmation of earlier ruling by Justice Peter Kekemeke of the Tribunal that my opponent did not win any of the nine local governments. “The lower court gave judgment in my favour, but to my surprise, he went ahead to appeal but from the evidence on ground, I was confident that the judiciary would do its work and justice has been delivered and I hope that my opponent will accept this judgment. “When the case was at the lower court, my lawyer represented me. For security reason, the case was moved to Abuja. “Up till now, I don’t know where the court is and who the judges are. I do not tamper with cases because I know that if you are right the judgment will be in your favour. “My opponent is my political associate, those coming behind us. He contested for the House of Assembly, he lost; he contested for House of Representatives, went to court but lost. “He is a politician and he should learn, not by coming to TV, insulting people on the pages of newspapers and casting aspersion on the judiciary and everybody. “This is the first time somebody is taking me to court. I have gone into election five times and nobody has ever taken me to court during primary or secondary election”, Ndume maintained. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.