The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), University of Ibadan chapter, on Tuesday declared that no single academic staff in the university was involved in examination malpractices at the Distance Learning Center (DLC) of the institution. ASUU Chairman, Professor Deji Omole made this declaration in a statement made available to DAILY POST. Omole was reacting to the arrest of six staff of the distance learning centre by the men of the department of state service (DSS) at the instance of the institution’s Vice-Chancellor, Professor Idowu Olayinka, for alleged examination malpractices. DAILY POST recalls that six staff of the distance learning centre, among whom were Edward Eborgu (Head of UI DLC software Unit), Kehinde Ajao (Head Student Support), Shola Akintunde (Executive Officer and Media representative), Ademola Okunola (IT personnel), one Lanre (IT personnel) and a certain David in the Director’s office were picked last Thursday for the fraud. But, Omole while speaking, lashed out at the Director of Public Communications of the University, Olatunji Oladejo, who some papers attributed the story to as misinforming the public. Omole said that contrary to Oladejo’s claim, no academic staff of the distance learning centre has been fingered or linked to the fraud. He added that no one should drag ASUU into the fraud since none of its members is involved. Apart from the fact that the University committee, Omole said that “ASUU has a standing committee on ethics and standard dealing with ethical and unethical issues.” He, however, said it will not take it lightly when her members are wrongly accused. “Our members not involved in UI Exam fraud. Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), University of Ibadan Chapter on Tuesday says no single academic staff was involved in examination malpractices in her Distance Learning Center (DLC). “Seven non-academic staff of the Distance learning center of the Institution were picked up by the DSS last week Thursday over their alleged involvement in aiding and abetting examination malpractices and compromising the integrity of examinations. “Academic staff have not been fingered or linked to the fraud and no one should drag them into it. The Union is not against punishing anyone linked to the fraud. “Apart from the fact that the University committee, ASUU has a standing committee on ethics and standard dealing with ethical and unethical issues.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.