Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, has been petitioned by a Civil Society Organisation, Open Justice Initiative, (OJI) to wade into the crisis rocking the leadership of the Association of Local Governments of Nigeria (ALGON). In a statement made available to DAILY POST in Abuja on Wednesday, the Executive Director of Open Justice Initiative, Mr. Donald Oyibiowu said, SGF’s intervention had become necessary in view of embarrassment the crisis posed to the nation’s Constitution. According to the Organization, the SGF, Boss Mustapha was expected to investigate ALGON’s leadership tussle. Expressing concern, Oyibiowu said those involved in the crisis seemed to have suspended the provisions of the Constitution and were doing the unthinkable in breach of the law that guides the 774 Local Governments in Nigeria, adding that the situation must not be allowed to degenerate further. “Our organization is primarily concern about promoting advocacy on Justice Sector Reforms and Justice to all. “We write to draw your esteem attention to the prevailing constitutional imbroglio on the presidency and leadership of ALGON and seek your further action to stem the situation; you being the coordinating force of the federal government with corresponding oversight on the administration of due process in Nigeria. “Sir, as you are well aware, ALGON is composed of only the 774 Local Government Councils in Nigeria named and identify in part 1, first schedule of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (as amended.) “Sometime ago when the need for succession in ALGON leadership became due, the members of National Executive Council (NEC) met and one Hon. Alabi Kolade David Administrator of Barigo Local Council Development Area (LCDA) of Lagos State presented himself as a bonafide Local Government Council Chairman in Nigeria and ALGON Chairman, Lagos State Chapter and he was elected as National President of ALGON, while Hon. Muhammed Aliyu Mahmoud who also presented himself as the Chairman of Soba Local Government Council of Kaduno State and Chairman ALGON Kaduno State was also elected as National Deputy President of ALGON. “However, shortly afterwards and sequel to public and stakeholders’ scrutiny, members became aware that Hon. Alabi Kolade is not a Chairman of any of the recognized 774 Local Government Councils as expressly stated in the 1999 Constitution (as amended) before he was erroneously appointed as President of ALGON and also that his purported election was contrary to the Supreme Court landmark decision delivered by His Lordship, Justice Muhammed Uwais CJN (AHTW) in A.G. LAGOS STATE v. A.G. FEDERATION (2004) Electronic Law Pavilion. “The election of Hon. Alabi Kolade as President of ALGON then clearly became uncouth violation of the sacrosanct provisions of ALGON Constitution particularly sections 4, 5, 14 and 15 of the ALGON Constitution (hereby attached for your ease of reference) which restricts membership and eligibility to vote and be voted into such offices (as National President and Deputy National President) to only what it called permanent members of ALGON. “Permanent members according to the ALGON Constitution, consist of all Chairmen, Vice Chairmen and Councillors at only the 774 Local Government Councils in Nigeria termed and identified in the above referenced section of the 1999 Constitution. “Confronted with this quagmire, NEC of ALGON met again on/or about 6th September, 2019 and noted this travesty on its own Constitution as well as on the inviolable provisions of the 1999 Constitution. “It is in the light at the above chaotic situation brewing within ALGON that we call on your office to conduct an inquiry, proffer solution via the following germane questions,” he said. The petition, which was also sent to the Minister of Special Duties, Senator George Akume fingered some officials in SGF’s office as being sympathetic to some persons in the feud. “Note that that it has come to our notice that your Director in-charge of Department for State and Local governments – DR Babayo Ardo, may be sympathetic to the persons complained against”, he concluded. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.