The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) Command in Ogun State has arrested a suspected vandal, Ahmed Hassan, at Ijumo-Ologboni village in Ewekoro Local Government of the state. The Ogun State Commandant of NSCDC, Hammed Abodunrin, stated this while briefing newsmen in Abeokuta, Tuesday. Abodunrin said that the 27-year old suspect was arrested on October 12 through a tip-off from members of the community who raised the alarm over vandalisation and theft of the armoured cables in their area. The commandant informed that two other members of the team fled at the sight of the NSCDC officials who invaded the area, but Hassan, who hid inside swampy water with the vandalised cables valued at over N1 million was later arrested. He explained that Hassan claimed to be a motorcyclists and that he was hired by two people whom he identified as “Dogo and Yellow” to carry goods at Ijumo-Ologboni village. “Investigations confirmed vandalisation of six armoured underground cables connected to two poles of a newly constructed light rail across Asipa-Ilao and Ijumo-Ologboni communities,” he said. “Our check reveals that vandals do invade the area during rainfall to perpetrate such crime knowing quite well that movements are usually restricted at such times,” he said. He added that the village and its environs had since been thrown into total darkness. The commandant said investigations were ongoing on the issue adding that his men would surely apprehend the other two suspects at large. In another development, the NSCDC said it seized five vehicles with more than 150 jerry cans loaded with petrol at Isara Remo Abodunrin said the seized items belonged to some suspected vandals who ran for their lives when his men busted them while trying to steal the commodity. Abodunrin, who led the operation, said officers of the corps succeeded in preventing the suspected vandals from stealing the product despite shifting their loading point to another location within the forest in Ogun East Senatorial District. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.