The Transmission Company of Nigeria TCN is to spend well over $1.65 Billion on a new Power projects that cuts across Nigerian States and some West African countries. The New project which is aimed at boosting energy supplies across the Nigeria States would be undertaken from Calabar to Sokoto to Kaduna to Kano, while another would be taken from Mambilla leading up to Burkina Faso. In the same vein, the (TCN) has revealed that it will install another 330KVA transformer at Rimin Zakara in Kano State. The Managing Director, TCN, Usman Gur Muhammad, in a press briefing in Kano on Friday, disclosed that the project would gulp the sum of N3 billion. According to him, the TCN would connect the Rimin Zakara transformer from the Kumbotso Substation, adding that the project was the government’s resolve to boost power supply in the commercial nerve center of northern Nigeria. Muhammad explained that the essence of his coming to Kano was to conduct study to identify those under the right of way and who would directly be affected by the project in order to pay them compensation. He also disclosed that the number of people to be paid the compensation is over 1000, adding that the TCN would collaborate with the Kano State government for relocation of the affected people. “I am here for the study. This contract has been awarded long ago but has been abandoned. The mistake done in the past was that contracts are awarded but no study is conducted on who are the people that are under the right of way and who are going to be affected by the project in order to pay them compensation. ” Now I am in Kano to look at the root from Kumbotso substation to Rimin Zakara. Tomorrow, I am going to follow the root to see exactly who are on the right of way in order to lay them their compensation,” he said The MD also disclosed that TCN would add another 330KVA substation in Jogana, Gezawa Local Government area of the state. He further revealed that the total project cost nationwide is $1.61 billion, while N32 billion would be paid for compensation to affected communities in the course of the power projects. He further disclosed that the company is going to change the narrative in terms if power supply in Kano, stating that it would boost the only 330 single line circuit that supplies Kano from Kaduna. “We are going to build a code line from Kaduna to Kano. From Kaduna, we need to get a source of supply to enable us transport the power to Kano. We want to improve the quality of power for Kano state,” The MD assured that with the completion of the 330KVA line for Rimin Zakara, the state would be fed from Sokoto, Kaduna, Calabar, and Rivers States. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.