The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Ilorin Zonal office on Tuesday, arraigned Mustapha Ilyas Abdulwasiu, a lecturer with the Federal Polytechnic, Offa, Kwara State, over alleged employment scam and obtaining money by false pretence. Abdulwasiu was made to appear before Justice Sikiru Oyinloye of a Kwara State High Court sitting in Ilorin. It was gathered that the defendant, who teaches in the Accounting Department at the polytechnic, allegedly defrauded many job seekers, on the pretext of helping them secure employment at the institution. EFCC spokesman, Wilson Uwujaren, said this in a statement in Abuja. Count one of the charge reads, “That you Mustapha Ilyas Abdulwasiu between June and July 2018 at Offa, within the jurisdiction of this honourable court with intent to defraud obtained the sum of N600,000.00 (Six hundred thousand naira) from one Amubiaya Raphael Oluwafemi by false pretence that you were in charge of employment at the Federal Polytechnic, Offa and obtained the money for the purpose of securing employment for the said Amubiaya Raphael Oluwafemi and his wife, Amubiaya Remi Janet which representation you knew to be false and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 1(3) of the Advance Fee Fraud and Other Fraud Related Offences Act, No. 14, 2006” Count nine of the charge reads “That you, Mustapha Ilyas Abdulwasiu between December, 2018 and February 2019 at Offa within the jurisdiction of this honourable court with intent to defraud obtained the sum of N550,000.00 (five hundred and fifty thousand naira) from one Mustapha Kabir by false pretence that you were in charge of employment at the Federal Polytechnic, Offa and you obtained the money for the purpose of securing employment for the said Mustapha Kabir and his wife, Jimoh Ganiyatu which representation you knew to be false and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 1 (3) of the Advance Fee Fraud and Other Fraud Related Offences Act, No 14 , 2006” But the suspect reportedly pleaded not guilty when the charges were read to him. On this basis, prosecuting counsel, A.A Adebayo urged the court to fix a date for trial to enable the prosecution to prove its case, and order the remand of the defendant in the Nigerian Correctional Service custody. Nevertheless, the Defence Counsel, M. O Balogun moved an oral application for the bail of the defendant Justice Oyinloye, however, asked the defence to present a written application and adjourned the hearing to November 7, 2019. The Presiding Judge also ordered the remand of the defendant in Mandala Correctional facility, pending the hearing and determination of his bail application. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.