Members of the ‘Bring Back Our Girls’ (BBOG) advocacy movement have asked the federal government to unveil its plan to rescue the remaining 112 Chibok school girls who are still under Boko Haram captivity. They made the call on Saturday in Abuja during a sit-out demonstration to mark day 2000 since the abduction. The 112 girls are part of the 279 female students abducted at Government Girls’ Secondary School Chibok, Borno State by the insurgents in April 14, 2014. The BBOG, in a statement signed by Florence Ozor, Gapani Yanga, Nifemi Onifade, read at the sit out, accused the government of being at ease amidst trouble in the land. They stated, “Today, Saturday, October 5th 2019 marks 2,000 days since 276 schoolgirls were abducted from Government Girls’ Secondary School Chibok, Borno State, Nigeria by terrorists on the night of April 14 2014. 57 girls escaped within days of the abduction while 219 remained in captivity. “Five years on, an additional 107 girls have returned: 4 of them as a result of Nigerian military interventions, 21 released in October 2016 after negotiations with their captors and a further 82 set free by the terrorist group in May 2017. “2,000 days later, 112 of the Chibok Girls abducted during an evil attack on humanity are yet to return. “Over the past 2,000 days, our #ChibokGirls have been denied their fundamental rights to freedom. For simply seeking an education on the path of growth and fulfilment, they have been forced to suffer unimaginable horrors by enemies of humanity. Their families and communities have also borne severe hardships within a war that continues to destroy lives and impede human progress. “This nightmare continues to be the shame of a Nation and an open sore of the world that threatens to become ingrained within the darkest parts of our collective history. “Amidst these tragic circumstances, the reality is one in which the Chibok Girls are supposedly represented by a government that repeatedly fails in its primary responsibility of the protection of lives. “Disturbingly, the government appears to be at ease amidst the troubles of the land, only concerned about protecting a fake-reputation that offers its citizens no value. “To highlight this, we note with heartbreaking dismay, the incapacity, apathy and failed leadership displayed by the President and the Federal Government in the wake of the abduction of 6 students and 2 staff members of Engravers College in Kaduna on the 3rd of October 2019. This continues a distressing pattern of a failure to secure, preserve and dignify the lives of citizens. “To this end, the students and staff of Engravers College join a number of citizens who remain missing – including Leah Sharibu, Alice Ngaddah, Grace Taku and her colleagues as well as many others. How can we have continued this way?” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.