Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has released 17 prisoners serving jail terms for various offences in the State. The Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice in Ekiti State, Olawale Fapohunda, revealed this in a statement on Sunday. Fapohunda explained that the governor gave the order after accepting the recommendation of the Ekiti State Advisory Council on Prerogative of Mercy to grant clemency to the inmates. “The Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has accepted the recommendation of the Ekiti State Advisory Council on Prerogative of Mercy to grant clemency to 18 prisoners serving various prison sentences,” the statement reads in part. The beneficiaries, according to Fapohunda, are serving various prison sentences in the Nigerian Correctional Services facilities in Ado Ekiti, the state capital and Kirikiri Maximum, Lagos State. Aside those released, Governor Fayemi also converted the death sentence of two other persons to life imprisonment and granted another person state pardon. According to the Attorney-General, the Ekiti State Advisory Council on Prerogative of Mercy considered 50 applications for clemency at its third sitting. He said the applications of the beneficiaries were granted because they have individually demonstrated the potential to turn their lives around. “On behalf of the State Advisory Council on Prerogative of Mercy, I congratulate all the beneficiaries,” Fapohunda added. He affirmed that those granted freedom have been released from the correctional facilities. The commissioner was also optimistic that the beneficiaries would make the best use of the second chance by being law-abiding and good citizens. A breakdown of the names of the beneficiaries is highlighted below: STATE PARDON: Abologbonrin Ojo RELEASE FROM PRISON Olowo Ajayi Ojo Sunday Sunday Fanimara Olusuyi Dare Olaifa Williams Sunday Sylvanus Oferufega Lucky Suberu Babatunde Ogunjobi Tope Ajayi Lawrence Idowu Bamidele Ogunboyo Richard Ayodele Ayinde Adebayo Ojo Akeem Adebayo Abirifon Julius Abirifon Olabode COMMUTAL of DEATH SENTENCE to LIFE IMPRISONMENT Tunde Abe Adeniyi Owolabi Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.