Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Supreme Court has told the Coalition of United Political Parties, CUPP, that it had yet to constitute the panel that would hear the appeal filed by the Peoples Democratic Party and its presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. 2. Nigeria’s First Lady Aisha Buhari has made revelations on the power tussle at the State House in the Presidential Villa, Abuja. Mrs. Buhari confirmed the viral video that circulated online last week. The First Lady said she ranted after she was denied access to parts of the villa by Mamman Daura and his family. 3. About $665billion has been lost in the last three years globally to disasters. A large percentage of the loss was recorded by high-income countries. The Director General of National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), Engr. Mustapha Maihaja stated this on Monday. 4. The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation has blamed the moribund state of the country’s refineries on lack of proper maintenance of the facilities over the years. The NNPC said that Nigeria has one of the highest number of technicians in the petroleum sector in the world, but that the experts have not been adequately engaged. 5. The Minister for Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, has said that fuel subsidy will gulp N450 billion in 2020. She said this on Monday in Abuja, at the public presentation of the 2020 budget proposals. 6. The Comptroller-General of Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), retired Col. Hammed Ali, said operatives of the ongoing Joint Border Security had seized items worth N1.4 billion since the partial closure of borders. 7. The Association of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria (ASCSN), has appealed to President Muhammadu Buhari, to reverse the tenure extension for seven permanent secretaries in the federal civil service who are already due for retirement. 8. The ECOWAS Court of Justice has ordered the Federal Republic of Nigeria to pay N10 million compensation for the violation of right to work to Pte. Barnabas Eli, a dismissed Nigerian soldier. 9. Fatima, the daughter of Mamman Daura, has accused the wife of the president Aisha Buhari of attacking her inside the presidential villa in Abuja. Fatima is family member to President Muhammadu Buhari. 10. Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, has urged members of Rice Millers Association of Nigeria (RIMAN) and other stakeholders in the rice value chain not to increase the price of the product due to the border closure. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.