The entire Fred Williams family of Iju and other royal families in Nigeria celebrate Mrs. Adetutu Williams popuparly called ‘’Iya Fred’’ as she clocks 91 years in Abuja. Don’t allow the notion of ‘’old age without memories’’ becloud your thoughts of Mama Fred because you will be amazed she still has a grip of her memory of names, events and can even identify people. Mama grew up in Iju Ishaga with her brother, Abass Amole Ajibode (HRM Afolagbade 1) the present Monarch of Iju ishaga. Her father, Chief James Oladipupo Ajibode, was former Baale of Iju Ishaga. She later got married to the Late philanthropist, Isaac Oladipupo Williams, who was the first Baale of Iju Station and Councillor of Agege Local Government. Chief Adehun Ajibode, Mama’s younger says they lost their mother at early age and her sister took over her responsibilty. “She stood for us as a sister and a mother.” Hon. Segun Williams said, “mama’s husband is my uncle but she took care of me like a son. Mama always said that a good name is better than silver or gold so he promised to continue using that principle in the house.” Her younger, brother Chief Solomon Olu Ajibode, who is the Olori Ebi of Ajibode and the Oloye Otun in Iju Ishaga, said “my sister is very quiet and loved by everyone. Sometimes I feel she is quiet to a fault because she will never banter words with anyone even when she’s been wronged.” Going by the words of Chief Babatunde Williams who is the Oloye Agba Akin of Iju Station, “my mother is as gentle as a dove and very loving.” Chief Abidemi Williams the Asiwaju of Iju station on his part jokingly said, “mama can’t stay here in Abuja with me more than one month, she prefers IJU because the large influx of visitors keep her alive.” Chief Amoke Williams the IYA LOJA of Iju Ishaga says.. “I remember when I got married to the family, I was so scared of the tradition and culture, but unlike some mother in-law that are hostile, mama treated me like a daughter, welcomed me and help me through.” Chief Tosin Williams Baale of Ojokoro Land, said ,”I’m sure my late father Chief Adekunle Samson will be happy in heaven today and he added that his grandma Iya Fred is ‘’Iya alanu’’ meaning she is magnanimous and constantly willing to render help to the needy. According to Inspector Rachael Williams who is a grand child.. Grandma pulled her weight during the huddles of getting into the police and her goodwill paved way for him. Subtly, mama showed gratitude for the family’s tradition that has been preserved and for witnessing the growth of the family size all over nigeria. She said Isaac will be happy in heaven. Prominent family members amongst all are Chief Emeka Anyaoku former commonwealth secretary general(Inlaw), Chief Kunle Kasunmu the Amoye of Lagos state, Captain Olu Omoniyi (inlaw) , Late Navy Captain Wole Bucknor, Late Commodore Bamidele Otiko -Former military governor of Ondo state Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.