Ubahu village in Nanka community of Orumba North LGA has suffered another landslide, leading to loss of farmlands. DAILY POST gathered that the village which harbours multiple gully erosion sites erupted on the morning of Tuesday, October 15, 2019, following heavy rainfall, sending residents of the area into panic. The multiple eruption was said to have damaged farmlands, homes, major access roads and economic trees. A source said, “It also brought down electric power lines. The main access road to neighbouring Umudala village from Ubahu village was severed.” DAILY POST gathered that since the incident, the indigenous clan members resident in the area of the Obeagu gully erosion have abandoned their homes and farmland to safer areas of the community. Late Francis Eze family who are said to have a home near the Obeagu gully erosion have fled their home, including other families. Mr Ikenna Ezenekwe, an indigene of the area and an environmental activist said, “During the Peter Obi administration, in the rainy season of 2008, Governor Peter Obi paid a visit to Obeagu gully erosion following a previous landslide which swept the home of Madam Bridget Eze. “Governor Peter Obi made the pledge to assist the people of Ubahu village to ameliorate the fast-growing gully erosion. The Governor promised to construct gutter channels to control the storm flow. The gutters have yet to be constructed. “In 2010, the gully became more aggressive as a result of increased unregulated storm flow. Within the short period of 2009 to 2019, Obeagu gully erosion doubled its original size. “In their efforts to ameliorate the growing disaster, the village leaders took up self-action. They started by providing land for some of the families that lost their lands. They embarked on opening another access road to Umudala village and to install new electric power lines. “But the fear of further landslides remains a constant reminder to the villagers. They fear the gully may grow further. They appear hopeless and without help.” Ezenekwe, a US-trained Environmental Engineer and activist who is the Nigerian coordinator of a non-governmental organization ‘Rural Community Development Outreach’, described the situation as nature’s crime against the people of Nanka. He says, “With the end of every rainy season, the people of Nanka lose land to landslides. Farmlands and homes. This is while leaders go to overseas for jamborees with our collective treasury. “Ubahu Nanka has become the shining beckon of fear and uncertainty owing to abandoned gully erosions that have regained the propensity to erupt into violent landslides. The hopelessness may result in another unpleasant outcome if care is not taken. “It is time for the Nation Assembly to consider setting up a commission to address this issue – a gully erosion community’s development commission”. Ezenekwe called on the Governor of Anambra State, Willie Obiano to remember the people of Ubahu village in the disbursement of ecological funds. He says Nanka houses the largest and most active gullies in South East and in the entire Nigeria. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.