Protest rocked Ondo town, headquarters of Ondo West Local Government Area of Ondo State on Friday following the removal of the person in charge of ticketing to commercial motorcyclists. Some members of the All Progressives Congress, APC, as well as youths in the town frowned at the move by government to foist who they described as outsider on them. On Thursday, the Senior Special Assistant to Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu on Special Duties, Doyin Odebowale had removed Banjo David as the collection agent of ticket from commercial motorcyclists in the town. Not comfortable with the decision of Odebowale, the Chairman of the Local chapter of the APC and youth of the Local Government converged at the party secretariat to call on the government to call Odebowale to order over the ticket issue. The youths led by Udo Olawoye, insisted that they would not allow Wale Aloba who was announced to replace David to function in the Local Government because he is not a native of the council area. Olawoye said the town has been peaceful before the imposition of Aloba as the person to collect ticket on behalf of the state government. Other youth leaders including Tajudeen Ismaila, Taye Akinkuotu, Rotimi Fadimi and Christopher Akinkumi said the person to sell ticket to commercial motorcyclists is not known to them. Olawoye who spoke on behalf of the placard-carrying members said, “the person they brought to us is from Ondo East and not a member of our party.” His words, “he was a member of Alliance for Democracy (AD) and worked against Akeredolu during the primary and general election of 2016. The person who worked against us can not be rewarded with the sale of ticket in our Local Government. “We call on Governor Akeredolu, the state Chairman of APC, Ade Adetimehin, and the Commissioner from the Local Government, Mrs Lola Fagbemi to wade into the dispute before it gets out of hand. “The youth will not allow impostor to sell tickets in our local government. They should not allow the return of cultism to Ondo kingdom.” The Chairman of APC, Mr Aro Benard said the government should not remove Banjo David from the position as he is the leader of APC in the area. Assuring the youth that their grievances would be looked into on Alex Kalejaye, the State Publicity Secretary, APC stated that “I appeal to the youths to remain calm and law-abiding, having presented their position. The party’s hierarchy will look into their claims and ensure justice is done on the matter. “The party frowns at divisive words and dispositions; the State chapter is a big family, and every member could aspire to any available position without discrimination. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.