The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) said the Rector of D.S. Adegbenro ICT Polytechnic, Itori, Ogun State, Prof. Olufemi Fatade, lied by claiming that the management of the institution has not increased tuition fees, but has only sought for an approval from the state government. DAILY POST recalls that the Rector had last week debunked allegations against the management of the polytechnic by NANS that it had secretly increased tuition fees and introduced other charges; saying government did not approve the request for the slight upward review. But, NANS in a statement by its National Public Relations Officer, Azeez Adeyemi, on Monday said “the Rector is only peddling lies around,” adding that “his different ‘fraudulent tactics’ have been uncovered” during its investigations. Adeyemi alleged that “the Rector did not only increase the fees without the government’s knowledge, but has also begun collection of the fees from students,” maintaining that “over 40 students have paid their tuition fees with the N5,000 increment inclusive.” “But in an attempt by the Rector to cover up his secret, the management quickly rushed to seek for a purported approval for the increase in the tuition fees immediately after NANS executive rejected the increase at a meeting held with the Rector in the school premises.” Adeyemi said. NANS also accused the management of Itori polytechnic of asking “students to pay some fees into some private accounts” which it said “are unknown to the government of Ogun State.” The statement reads in part: “Our attention has been drawn to a false claim where the Rector of DS Adegbenro ICT Polytechnic, Prof. Femi Fatade, claimed that the school management hasn’t increased the tuition fee of the students, but has only sought for an approval from the state government. “We want to state clearly that the Rector is only peddling lies around, as his different fraudulent tactics have been uncovered during our investigations. “Like that wasn’t enough, during our investigation it was discovered that the students also pay some fees into some private accounts which are unknown to the government of Ogun state. “Also, before the tuition fee was increased, we have had different complaints pointing accusing fingers at the Rector on embezzlement related issues, but we have at different points stopped our investigations for different reasons. “Even among members of staff, we have received different unpalatable complaints about Prof. Fatade, but they couldn’t speak up for the fear of getting sacked. “All these claims are subjected to verification by members of the public and the government as you can approach any student of the institution to have first-hand information about happenings in the institution. “NANS also frowns at the unholy and hidden polite threats from a known royal king in Itori, where the school situates. We implore the Oba to desist from such anti-poor acts and we as well advise him not to get carried away with whatever relationship or deal that may be existing between him and the Rector. “However, we insist that the state government should ensure a thorough investigation into the financial activities of the Rector since assumption of office, as such act remains the only means of succour for our students to be free in the hands of this multiple tax master. “Finally, we call on the EFCC and ICPC to, as a matter of urgency and necessity, swift into action to probe the working years of administration of the Rector of DS Adegbero ICT Polytechnic.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.