Manchester United legend, Peter Schmeichel, has criticized Paul Pogba after the Red Devils’ 1-1 draw with Arsenal, claiming that the Frenchman is “a problem child” in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s team. Pogba played in the Premier League for the first time in a month, as United were held at home. Scott McTominay opened scoring in the first half, but Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang drew Unai Emery’s men level after the break, thanks to VAR’s interventions. Schmeichel, who was at the game, couldn’t hide his disappointment with his former team and Pogba in particular. “It was a really weird performance. Sitting in the stands looking at the team and the shape it was difficult to understand what was going on, what the plan for the game was. “It was very clear what Arsenal was doing. “In every game before today they played the ball out from the back, [today] they didn’t. Every goal kick was kicked up, putting pressure up to the Manchester United half. “But when Manchester United had the ball it was difficult to see what the plan was. “And one thing that Ole Gunnar mentioned, when United had the ball he said it was very slow, I can only agree with that. “The way the ball is being moved around when Pogba is in the team is different to the pace the ball is being moved around when he’s not in the team. “That is something I think they need to work on. “If Pogba is playing in this team he needs to speed it up a bit. “He was seriously slowing it down, in the first 25 minutes just basically playing the ball backwards. For a player of his calibre that was disappointing. “I don’t understand what his role in this team is. “Even when Ole made the substitutions and put Pogba further forward, not a lot happened. “There were two very good passes in the game from Pogba but it’s two, it’s not 15. “And I see that as a problem. He takes up so much attention. “It kind of feels like he’s a problem child in this team,” Schmeichel told Stadium Astro. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.