Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Supreme Court, Wednesday, dismissed the petition filed by the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic party, PDP, Atiku Abubakar challenging the declaration of President Muhammadu Buhari as winner of the February 23, presidential election for lack of merit. The Chief Justice of Nigeria, CJN, Tanko Mohammed in his judgment said the panel had examined all the briefs and exhibits for over two weeks and saw no merit in the case. 2. The Catholic Priest, Rev. Fr. Arinze Madu of Queen of Apostles Seminary, Imezi Owa in Ezeagu Local Government Area, Enugu State, who was abducted on Monday at the gate of the institution by unknown hoodlums, has regained his freedom. Confirming his release, the State Police Public Relations Officer, Ebere Amaraizu, said that “the priest was released unhurt, Wednesday afternoon”. 3. The Federal High Court, Abuja, on Wednesday, overruled Abdulrasheed Maina, former chairman of defunct Pension Reform Task Team, on his application to stop his criminal trial. Justice Okon Abang, who declined the application of the legal team of Maina, said the defendant cannot frustrate the court’s proceedings. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Wednesday, commended the ruling of the Supreme Court that dismissed the appeal of the PDP and its presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar against him. Reacting, Buhari in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, thanked Nigerians for the mandate given to him to run the affairs of the country for another four years. 5. Brig. Gen. Mobolaji Olufunso Johnson, first Military Governor of Lagos State is dead. His son, Deji, confirmed that the retired soldier passed away on Thursday. 6. The Lagos State House of Assembly on Wednesday agreed to halt proceedings in the probe of former Governor of the State, Mr. Akinwunmi Ambode, over procurement of 820 buses for public transportation. When the matter came up in court on Wednesday morning, Ambode’s lawyer, Mr. Tayo Oyetibo (SAN), informed the court of his pending application for interlocutory injunction, saying that same had been served on the defendants. 7. As part of his efforts to ensure that academic institution is free of sexual molestations, the Deputy Vice-Chancellor, Academics, Kaduna State University, Prof. Abdullahi Ashafa, has warned lecturers of the institution against engaging in sex-for-grades. He told them that, if any lecturer is nursing idea of immoral sex with female students for grade, in the famous institution, such lecturer should tender his resignation before being exposed. 8. The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, OYC, has reacted to President Muhammadu Buhari’s Supreme Court victory over Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. In a statement issued on Wednesday by Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro, the group’s President General and Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, the Secretary General, they asked Atiku of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, to accept defeat like former President Goodluck Jonathan. 9. Festus Keyamo, Minister of State of Labour and Employment has reacted to the Supreme Court judgment that dismissed the appeal of the PDP and its presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar against the All Progressives Congress, APC and its candidate, President Muhammadu Buhari. Keyamo berated Atiku for not congratulating President Buhari, saying all the lies and deceit have come to a crushing halt. 10. Suspected gunmen on Wednesday in Benin city, capital of Edo State, abducted Justice Chioma Nwosu-Iheme of the Court of Appeal, Benin Division. The gunmen also killed her police orderly before taking Justice Nwosu-Iheme away to an unknown destination. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.