Following the breach of some provisions of the Electric Power Sector Reform Act in July 2019, plans are underway by the Federal Government to cancel the licences of eight power distribution companies in Nigeria, including Kaduna Electric Power Distribution Company of Nigeria (KAEDCO) allegedly owed by former Vice President, Namadi Sambo. According to the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission, the eight distribution companies, DisCos, include Kaduna Electricity Distribution Company, Kaduna Electric; Kano Electricity Distribution Company, KEDCO; Abuja Electricity Distribution Company, AEDC. In the eight-page notice to the Discos, which was signed by one of the NERC’s commissioner, Dafe Akpeneye, the commission stated that the power firms had 60 days to explain why their licences should not be cancelled. Kaduna Electricity Distribution Company, Kaduna Electric, was allegedly acquired by former Vice President, Namadi Sambo, when he was in power through one of his allies, Yusuf Mairago. Other DisCos that may be axed are Benin, Enugu, Ikeja, Port Harcourt and Yola. In a notice posted on its website on Wednesday, the power sector regulator said it intended to cancel licences issued to the eight Discos pursuant to Section 74 of the EPSR Act. It said, “Take notice that pursuant to section 74 of the EPSR Act and the terms and conditions of electricity distribution licences issued to the distribution licensees by Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission has reasonable cause to believe that the Discos listed below have breached the provisions of EPSRA, terms and conditions of their respective distribution licences and the 2016 – 2018 Minor Review of Multi Year Tariff Order and Minimum Remittance Order for the Year 2019.” Outlining the Discos, it said, “Abuja Electricity Distribution Company Plc; Benin Electricity Distribution Company Plc; Enugu Electricity Distribution Company Plc; Ikeja Electric Plc; Kaduna Electricity Distribution Company Plc; Kano Electricity Distribution Company Plc; Port Harcourt Electricity Distribution Company Plc; and Yola Electricity Distribution Company Plc.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.