Gov Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State has come under heavy criticism for saying his tribe, Remo, will continue to lead Ogun State and Nigeria. Abiodun had on Saturday said his Remo division had been ruling and would continue to rule Ogun State and Nigeria as a whole in giant strides. The Governor said this while speaking at the 2019 35th Sagamu Day Festival put together under the leadership of the Akarigbo and Paramount Ruler of Remoland, Oba Babatunde Ajayi. The Governor, who was proud to be an indigene of Remo, appreciated God for giving the tribe, another opportunity to rule Ogun State once again. DAILY POST recalls that Otunba Gbenga Daniel, an indigene of Remo has ruled the state from 2003 to 2011. The Yewa-Awori people from Ogun West have not relented in their agitations to, at least, rule Ogun State for once since the state was created 40 years ago. Remo, comprising Ikenne, Sagamu and Remo North local government areas in Ogun East is also the tribe of Vice President Yemi Osinbajo. Abiodun said: “God has given us once again in Remoland, another opportunity to be governor of this state. It’s a rare privilege. We in Remo have continued to lead Ogun State in giant strides. We’ll continue to lead this state, and not just this state, but we’ll continue to lead in various aspects of endeavours of this country.” “We have the likes of Chief, Obafemi Awolowo; we have the likes of Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, we have the likes of Prof Ogunlesi and the list is endless.” Speaking further, Gov Abiodun, priding himself as a Remo indigene, said, “This administration decided that we will be characterised as one that has the right fit of people in the right places; and each time we do a search and we find five people to work for us, out of those five people, three of them will be from Remo land. Indeed, Remo land is blessed with a lot of stars all over the world. “I have to remind myself and my people that, I’m not just the governor of Remoland alone, I’m the governor of Ogun. Anytime we want people to work for us, out of five, three are from Remo This underscores the fact that only the best is good for us,” Abiodun said. But Abiodun’s comment has sparked up reactions from indigenes and politicians across other parts of Ogun State as they accused him of tribalistic tendencies. Meanwhile, the Allied People’s Movement (APM) in Ogun State has called out Abiodun, reminding him that “the Aworis, the Yewas, the Egbas and even the Ijebus also have qualified sons and daughters.” A statement made available to DAILY POST on Monday by the Acting Publicity Secretary of the APM in the state, Olumide Balogun, said “it is now clear to the good people of Ogun State that Gov. Dapo Abiodun’s singular ambition as governor is to ‘lift’ Remo land above the rest of Ogun State with the view to undoing the immediate past Egba born governor.” Balogun challenged Abiodun to name his contributions to the development of Remo land, being a billionaire before he became the governor of Ogun State. “What has Gov. Dapo Abiodun done for Remo land with his personal resources before he became ‘governor’ considering the “enormous wealth” he claims to have. How many roads, schools and healthcare centres did he rehabilitate out of his pocket? A man who ‘owns’ a private jet, multi-billion naira properties and drives vehicles worth hundreds of millions of naira?” The statement reads:
“Each time Gov. Dapo Abiodun opens his mouth, he shows lack of depth and the minimum leadership equality to lead a multi-ethnic state like ours. His daily insult of our collective intelligence and sensitivity is becoming worrisome. “Although, we are not surprised because we know him, we are somewhat crossed at his reckless, insensitive and myopic view of Ogun State. It is naturally tempting for people with small minds to gloat, but someone occupying such an exalted position of governor should be able to, at least, pretend to be noble. “We hereby call on Gov. Dapo Abiodun to find a stool in his ‘kingdom’ to stand on, look a bit further and he will see that the Aworis’, the Yewas’, the Egbas’ and even Ijebus’ have qualified sons and daughters. “To our people, we say, “e ku ifara da”. It is now clear to the good people of Ogun State that Gov. Dapo Abiodun’s singular ambition as governor is to ‘lift’ Remo land above the rest of Ogun State with the view to undo the immediate past Egba born governor. “Not that we condemn such aspiration because many of our committed party faithful are from Remo land. What we disagree with is that he is determined to do it with state resources at the expense of other region. Pushing forward this sectional agenda that creates nothing but waste and long term underdevelopment of the state. “The question that begs to be answered is, what did Gov. Dapo Abiodun do for Remo land with his personal resources before he became ‘governor’ considering the “enormous wealth” he claims to have. How many roads, schools and healthcare centres did he rehabilitate out of his pocket? A man who ‘owns’ a private jet, multi-billion naira properties and drives vehicles worth hundreds of millions of naira. “Gov Abiodun at the recent Sagamu Day Festival said the town deserves a pavilion for the annual event. We need to ask Mr Dapo, where has he been since 35 years ago when Sagamites started the festival? How many has he ever attended? What were his contributions? Why haven’t he seen the need for a pavilion years ago? The governor needs to answer these questions and stop displaying hypocrisy. “It is even insulting to other tribes in Ogun State that Gov Abiodun could say out of every five persons who are qualified for jobs from government, three are from Remo. This is a multi-ethnic state where we have Ijebu, Egba, Yewa, Awori, Ketu, Anago, Egun and others. Is the governor telling us that other tribes are not qualified enough for jobs in his government. “He even confessed to have been carried away thinking he was ruling over Remo alone and not the entire Ogun State. This is unbecoming of a governor. “Our prayers daily is that God should forgive our sins as a people and intervene on our behalf. Save our dear state from this spiral fall and enthrone a progressive leader that will govern and develop Ogun state as a whole. Soon, very soon, our prayers shall be heard.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.