Good morning! Here’s today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Police Force has released the list of successful applicants in the ongoing controversial 10,000 constable recruitment, despite a court order that status quo be maintained in the recruitment exercise. NPF on Thursday evening said the Inspector General of Police, IGP M.A Adamu, NPM, mni, has vetted and given approval for the release of the final and authenticated list of successful candidates who participated in the ongoing recruitment exercise into the Nigeria Police Force. Below is the list of successful candidates: https://www.npf.gov.ng/information/index.php 2. The Oyo State House of Assembly, Thursday, passed the state anti-open grazing bill into law. Speaker of the House of Assembly, Mr. Adebo Ogundoyin, who spoke on the importance of the bill, appealed to residents of the state to ignore falsehoods and misconceptions on the bill, adding that the decision was to avoid continuous damages and end loss of lives and unquantifiable investment to constant clashes between herders and farmers. 3. Barely a month after thunderbolt allegedly killed over 30 cows at Ijare in Ifedore Local Government Area of Ondo State, lightning has struck eight cows to death at Ikare-Akoko in Akoko North East Local Government Area of the state. Report said the incident, which happened at Ekan quarters of the town on Tuesday, was planned to be concealed by the herdsmen, who owned the cows with the intent of allegedly selling the meat to unsuspecting public, they were, however, arrested. 4. Another house of horror was, Thursday, discovered by the Kwara State Police Command in Ilorin, the state capital. The alleged illegal rehabilitation centre is located at Has Idiroko, Odota, along the Ilorin International Airport, with a total of 108 victims rescued by the police from the detention centre comprising 103 males, five females and scores of children. 5. Human rights activist, Deji Adeyanju, has vowed to petition the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, against National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu. Adeyanju, who is the convener, Concerned Nigerians, said the petition will be submitted on Friday (today). 6. Former Minister of the Federal Capital Territory, Jumoke Akinjide, has urged the court to compel the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission to return to her a sum of N650m. According to her, the anti-graft agency took the money from her by force. 7. Nigeria and Russia, on Thursday in Sochi, Russia, signed an important Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), which will enable both countries’ oil giants, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) and Russia’s Lukeoil to elevate commercial relationship to a government-to-government backed partnership. Malam Garba Shehu, the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, who confirmed this development in a statement in Abuja, said with signing of the MoU, NNPC and Lukeoil would work together in upstream operations and revamp Nigeria’s refineries. 8. Justice Sybil Nwaka of an Ikeja Sexual Offences and Domestic Violence Court, on Thursday sentenced a school supervisor, Adegboyega Adenekan, 47, to 60 years’ imprisonment for defiling a toddler. Nwaka convicted Adenekan, who supervises at the Chrisland School, Victoria Garden City, Lagos State. on a count charge of defilement.She held that evidence before the court showed that the supervisor was guilty as charged. 9. A 17-year-old girl, Miss Aisha Bello, died after setting herself ablaze for not marrying the man after her heart in the month of September in Zamfara State. She was reported to have died on Wednesday evening at the Federal Medical Center, Gusau where she was rushed to for urgent medical attention immediately after setting herself ablaze in September this year because she believed that she was prevented from getting married to her suitor. 10. Nigeria has moved up 15 place on World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business Index, ranking 131 globally. The global institution made this known in its report released in the early hours of Thursday.
A comparison of business regulation in 190 countries across the world formed the basis of the ranking. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.