Nigerian troops on Thursday killed three suspected Boko Haram fighters, recovered arms and ammunition along Gwoza area in Borno State. A statement from Col. Ado Isa, Deputy Director Army Public Relations on Friday said the insurgents were neutralise following credible information from some patriotic Nigerians about terrorists movement along Banki Road Junction, Pulka in Gwoza general area. The statement reads: ” troops of Special Response Area (SRA) Pulka under the Nigerian Army Super Camp Gwoza, in collaboration with Civilian Joint Task Force conducted a successful night ambush on Thursday 3rd October 2019, which resulted in the neutralization of 3 terrorists, recovery of 2 AK 47 Rifles and 2 motor cycles. Uncomfirmed number of terrorists were reportedly wounded during the ambush. “There is no casualty on the Nigerian Army or Civilian JTF. “Items recovered by troops include 2 X AK 47 rifles and 2 X bicycles. “Similarly, at about 2250 hours on 3rd October 2019, in what seems like a reprisal attack to avenge the lost of their members in the ambush conducted by the troops, some marauders/criminals woefully attacked the Delta Company Location of the SRA at Pulka. “Consequently, troops swiftly responded by effectively repelling the attack, one bandit lost his life and one Ak 47 rifle was recovered. No casualty was recorded by the Civ JTF or the troops. “The Acting General Officer Commanding 7 Division and Commander Sector 1 Operation LAFIYA DOLE Brigadier General AK Ibrahim was in SRA Pulka where he interacted with the troops, commended them for the successes so far and urged them to remain committed and unwavering in the struggle to end the insurgency soon, ” the statement said. Meanwhile, Boko Haram are reportedly attacking Mife, a village under Chibok local government of Borno State with villagers scampering for safe heaven in the area. A resident, who spoke with one of his uncles in Maiduguri said that, soldiers have abandoned their base leaving the insurgents to have a field day. According to a message sent to our correspondent via text, the Uncle, Malam Chiroma told DAILY POST that the attackers arrived at about 8:00pm and began to set the village ablaze after forcing the soldiers to take their leave. ” Our people are currently in the bush seeking refuge, and we need your prayers. They are everywhere and burning the village down.” The text reads. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.