The Chief of Army Staff, Lt- Gen. Tukur Buratai, said the Nigerian Army has devised new strategies to tackle insurgency in the country. Buratai disclosed this on Monday in Uyo, while delivering his keynote address on the 12th biennial training conference for the Nigeria Army Finance Corp, with the theme, “Expanding the roles of Nigerian Army in internal security operation: Funding Imperatives, ” which was held at the Ibom Hotels and golf resort. Represented by the General Officer Commanding 6 Division of the Nigerian Army, Major-Gen.Jamil Sarham, the Army Chief enumerated some of the new strategies devised to include increasing capacity of troops in defense, logistics and intensified combat intelligence gathering. He said they have also manufactured military vehicles and equipments to boost operational capability and more recently the injection of the Super camp Concept. His words, “In order to mitigate the identified challenges we have had to be innovative and inventive to devise new response strategies to combat the insurgents. “Some of the strategies include increasing capacity of troops in defense, logistics and intensified combat intelligence gathering. “We have also manufactured military vehicles and equipments to boost operational capability and more recently the injection of the Super camp Concept.” He said despite some daunting challenges of operations, the army is gradually turning the tide against insurgents. He, therefore, called on the Federal Government to improve its funding to the military to meet with current challenges of curbing insurgency in the country adding that the current funding was inadequate in view of the roles army was playing in internal security of the nation. He said that the Nigerian Army finance corps remained central to the performance and effectiveness of the army both in operations and peace times. He commended the effort of the Army Chief Accounts and Budget with his team whom he noted carried out the role of Finance Corps effectively to ensure prudent management of resources to achieve value for money. In his remarks, Governor Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom, called on the private sector to assist in funding the operations of the Nigerian Army saying that government cannot do it alone Emmanuel, who was represented by Mr Akan Okon, Commissioner for Economic Development and Ibom Deep Seaport, however, commended the army for its role in curbing insurgency, kidnapping, banditry and other security challenges confronting the nation. Also, in his welcome address, the Chief of Account and Budget (Army), Maj.-Gen. Adekola Bakare, said that the theme was deliberately chosen to enunciate the challenges posed by inadequate funding of the army operations in spite its expanding roles in internal security. He said that the conference would afford participants the opportunity to conduct a detailed appraisal of the current policies and procedures towards repositioning the Corps to provide transparent and efficient services to the Nigerian Army. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.