Big Brother Naija reality show ex-housemate, Diane Russet, has said she never expected the overwhelming level of love and support the people of her home state, Kaduna, gave her when she left the house after 93 days. According to Diane, coming from a conservative background, and being the first ever female housemate from the north, she had thought her participation in the reality TV show would be met, at best with criticism and mild hostility from her people. Sharing some of her experiences from the house and her reception outside the house with Channels TV, the Kaduna State indigene said: “The love I have received from my state has been the best. “I didn’t expect it this way. I thought I’d be judged or criticized but the fact that I get calls and people say I made them proud, I made the northern part proud and some even say their daughters look up to me, is amazing”. The ebony skinned reality TV star, who was also one of the youngest Big Brother Naija housemates, said the experience in the house was amazing and she has also come home to receive overwhelming love from fans. Speaking about her friendship with fellow housemate, Elozonam, she explained that both of them are great friends and for now are only looking forward to knowing each other better and working together. It had been an intriguing and eventful 99 days, starting with 26 housemates, each serving their own dose of ‘pepper’ along the way. From the occasional fights, drama and controversy, to the tasking arena games, Friday night parties, celebrity visits and surprise evictions, the show most definitely served up enough pepper and spice that left the audience glued to their screens and constantly sparked conversations among Nigerians, especially on social media. On the final day, host Ebuka-Obi Uchendu was in his element and made sure to take the suspense up a notch, making the most of the last of 99-drama filled days before declaring Mercy the winner to wild cheers from her supporters. Reacting to Mercy’s win, Diane who was one of her closest friends in the house, said she knew she always stood a great chance and she was very excited for her win. According to her, “both Mercy and the first runner up, Mike, were deserving and either of them who won, would have been worthy of the price.” On her future endeavors, she says she’s looking forward to shaking up the entertainment and fashion industry with her many talents. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.