The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has urged the Chief of Army Staff, Tukur Buratai, to channel efforts in fighting insecurity in the north, rather than planing a military operation in the southeast. The Nigerian Army had recently announced that it was going to begin the fourth phase of Operation Python Dance in the southeast soon. But, in a press release signed by the Media and Publicity Secretary of IPOB, Emma Powerful, the group described the operation as a misplaced priority, insisting that southeast was relatively peaceful. He said, “Announcing countless and meaningless military operations within the borders of Nigeria is indicative that this army headed by Buratai are cowards and instruments of suppression and intimidation. “Civilised democratic countries set up their armies to fight external enemies and protect their borders, but in Africa as with all developmentally backward parts of the world, national armies are being used to oppress the civilian population of which Nigeria is a prime example. “They should stop fooling themselves and reveal the motive behind these countless invasions of Biafraland, which is to aid Fulani herdsmen acquire and consolidate farmlands forcibly taken from non-Fulani communities in the south. “There is no insecurity in Biafraland save for those introduced by land grabbing Fulani terror herdsmen, aided and abated by southeast governors.” The group added that, “In the north their governors are busy proudly and openly negotiating with known killers, bandits and terrorist but in Biafraland Dave Umahi, Willie Obiano, Okezie Ikpeazu and Nnia Nwodo are busy colluding with northern military officers to kill their own people. “We know Nigerian military have no shame and will continue to flex their muscle against unarmed peaceful civilians while running away from engaging Boko Haram in battle in the north. “Boko Haram are rampaging and killing lives in the north. There are overcrowded IDP camps and abandoned villages in the Arewa core north but the senseless Nigerian army are in Biafraland extorting money from motorists and committing all manner of unspeakable atrocities. “We IPOB are not relenting in our exposure of the inadequacies and unconscionable actions of this Buratai led Nigerian army until the world is firmly aware of what obtains in Nigeria. Exposing and making sure the whole world knows about the evil plans of Nigerian government and her security agencies against the people of Biafra is our responsibility and that we shall continue to do. “There is peace in Biafraland except for where Fulani terror herdsmen are wreaking havoc in Ebonyi State. It is therefore unacceptable that Nigerian army should be running around in armoured vehicles and tormenting innocent civilians when they should be combating insecurity in core Arewa North.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.