The Coordinator, National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in Kano State, Alhaji Ladan Baba has debunked report that a corp member serving in Bebeji Local Government Area of the state beat an eight-year-old Almajiri boy to death. DAILY POST had reported that the Police in Kano State arrested one Jepthan Peter, a National Youth Service Corps member for allegedly killing an 8-year-old Almajiri boy. Spokesperson of the Command, DSP Abdullahi Haruna, who confirmed the development on Friday, explained that the incident happened at Bebeji Local Government when the corps member slapped and kicked three Almajiriboys with his leg for entering corpers lodge to pick umbrella tree seeds. But a statement signed by Laden Baba to NAN debunked the reports on Friday.
It reads, “The attention of the NYSC, Kano State management has been drawn to above subject matter. While we regret the untimely demise of an eight-year-old boy, Hassan Suleiman, a class 3 pupil of Old mosque lslamiya school. “We wish to state categorically that the unfortunate incident happened at about 3:17pm on Thursday, 25th October at Bebeji town, Bebeji LGA, Kano State, where a corps member, Jepthan Peter Makwin ran after the deceased who came in to pluck fruits from an umbrella Tree within the Corpers’ Lodge.” “In the process, the boy fell and hit his head on the wall of the entrance of the Lodge. He was immediately rushed to the hospital and was afterwards confirmed dead”, NAN quoted the coordinator as saying. According to him, an eye witness account revealed that there have been cordial relationship between corps members and the community and that the children are fond of visiting the lodge. He added that the corps member was presently in the police custody for further investigation, adding that he led the NYSC management team on a condolence visit to the family of the deceased. “The Executive Governor of Kano state, Dr. Abdullahi Ganduje also led some members of the state Executive council, Chairman Bebeji Local Government Area, Alhaji Ali Namadi, the Ward Head and other elders where he commiserates with the father of the deceased, Malam Suleiman Aliyu,” he said. Ganduje urged the community to accept the incident as a will of God and remain calm and law abiding. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.