Armed men have abducted six students and two teachers from a private school, Engravers College, a mixed-gender secondary school in Kaduna State at about 12:10 p.m on Wednesday. DAILY POST gathered that the attackers stormed Engravers College, a mixed-gender school near Kakau Daji village in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State and took away two staff of the college and six female students to unknown destination. The school official confirmed that six students and two staff from the school were abducted. Confirming the incident,
the state Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Yakubu Abubakar Sabo, in a statement said the command received an information through DPO Tall Gate in the early hours of today (Thursday) that some armed men gained entry into the school and took away two staff of the college and six female students to an unknown destination. The statement reads, “The Command received an information through DPO Tall Gate, in the early hours of today 03/10/2019 at about 0310hrs that, some armed men gained entry into the Engravers College, a Boarding secondary school in a remote area near Kakau Daji village in Chikun L.G.A and took away two staff of the college and six female students to unknown destination. “On receipt of that information, the Command immediately mobilized combined teams of Anti-kidnapping, SARS, and conventional police to the area for possible rescue of the victims and arresting the perpetrators of the unfortunate incident. IGP’s Intelligent Respond team (IRT) has been contacted for technical support.” The Command, therefore, reiterated its call on all the private school proprietors within the state to liaise with their nearest Police formation and promptly report incidents or suspicious persons around schools to forestall future occurrence of ugly incidents. “On this note, the Commissioner of Police Kaduna State Command CP Ali Aji Janga pcs, is assuring the general public that, the Command is doing everything possible to secure the release of all the victims unhurt. “He equally called on the good people of the State not to relent in giving the Police prompt and useful information at all times,” the statement explained. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.