A final year student of the Cross River University of Technology, (CRUTECH) has been shot dead and butchered beyond recognition in the Calabar Campus. DAILY POST gathered that the victim, identified as Felix, is a 400-level student of the Department of Elementary Education. Eyewitnesses said Felix was shot at about 3:09pm on Thursday, opposite the SUG Secretariat during the Student Week celebrations, by a group of unknown men who later butchered him to death. A student who spoke under anonymity said, “The final year student was shot dead at about 3:09pm as the Neo Black Movement were having a parade in the school vicinity opposite the SUG Secretariat in preparation for the cultural day, an event in the Students’ Week. “Immediately we heard the gunshots, many people started running to avoid stray bullets which were shot sporadically.” Another student who did not want his name to be mentioned said, “The Carnival was about to begin shortly after the heavy rainfall when we heard several gunshots. First, we thought it was a knockout, but after a few seconds, students started running, shouting and taking cover from any available building. After a while, the security personnel who normally station at the Gate drove in, but the perpetrators had gone.” “We heaved a sigh of relief after seeing the police. Some of us rushed to the point, just in front of the Bank to know what was going on, only for us to see a guy lying in a pool of his blood – shot severally and butchered at the same time. A girl standing beside me said she knows the guy. She said his name is Felix and a 4/4 Level student of the Department of Elementary Education. “We are no longer safe in the school. The security agencies should do something. The school management and the Government should put on more tight security measures to safeguard us. It’s becoming worse as each day passes by,” the student said. Our Correspondent further learnt that the security personnel have removed the dead body of the victim. The Police PRO, DSP Irene Ugbo, confirmed the killing when contacted and further assured that “our men are on the ground.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.