The Chairman of the House of Representatives Committee on Navy, Shehu Koko, has asked the Nigerian Air Force to setup quick response bases in Sokoto, Zamfara and Kebbi States. Mr. Koko, in his speech at the budget defence of the Air Force, made the plea. According to him, the region, which shares border with Benin Republic and Niger Republic needs the Quick Response Wing (QRW) to curtail insecurity. The Chief of Air Staff, Sodique Abubakar and the management team of the Nigeria Air Force as well as the Commandant of Air Force Institute of Technology were in attendance. Koko urged Abubakar to establish the QRW in Kebbi State because of its strategic location. “I would be delighted if you could extend the security apparatus and airpower of the Nigeria Air Force to the old Sokoto states, presently comprising Sokoto, Kebbi and Zamfara in order to nip in the bud, the perennial security challenges in this area by establishing a Quick Response Wing (QRW) Kebbi State, which has two international borders Benin Republic and Niger Republic to assist in curtailing increased insecurity challenges in the area.” Adding that the committee will ensure the passage of the budget of the Air Force. “We shall do all within our powers to sustain the good work by ensuring that adequate budgetary provision is given to this sector during this period of budget process. We shall, therefore consider the proposals in such a manner to ensure continuity, consistency and that the interest of the Nigeria people is paramount,” he said. In his Speech, the Chief of Air Staff, Sodique Abubakar, disclosed that Air Fplorce employed over 10,000 Nigerians in the past 4 years. “We have so far employed over 10,000 Nigerian youths into the Air Force in the last four years, about 600 graduates and we are all also about to engage 120 graduates in the area of employment. “Also, in the area of pilot training, we have been able to train over 100 pilots and we are grateful to all the supports from the National Assembly,” he stated. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.