Some people suspected to be armed robbers Thursday night invaded Aleshinloye market Road in Ibadan, the Oyo state capital and shot two motorcyclists. The incident, according to a source occurred at Cele bus stop around 9.pm. It was learnt that the armed robbers shot the motorcyclists who were in a bus stop to pick prospective passengers. The armed robbers were said to have left with the victims’ motorcycles worth over four hundred thousand naira (N400,000.00) after they were shot. Another source told DAILY POST that the victims were immediately rushed to the University College Hospital (UCH), around 10pm. He added that the victims are still at the emergency section of the hospital as at the time of filing this report. “Armed robbery attack at Aleshinloye market Road. Two people were reported to have been shot and have been rushed to the emergency section of the UCH hospital. “I was there. I took my sister to the hospital. The spate of Okada and bag snatching is on the increase. “I was at the UCH yesterday when they brought the victims to the hospital. They brought the two. Two men who were shot by armed robbers at Aleshinloye market road on Thursday. They were shot at 9.pm and brought to the hospital around 10.pm. “The incident occurred around Cele area, along the road. “There is another woman who was brought to the hospital. She wanted to cross the road when they snatched her bag. The incident occurred at Amuloko area.” Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the state Police Command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi when contacted, however, said that he was not aware of the incident. Fadeyi who said he was on an official engagement outside the state, added that he had not been briefed about the matter. “I am out of the state on an official engagement. I have not been briefed on the matter. Thanks.” However, Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the hospital, Mr. Toye Akinrinlola confirmed that the victims were rushed to the hospital yesterday after they were shot. Akinrinlola in a telephone conversation with DAILY POST on Friday, maintained that the victims are in stable condition at the emergency section of the hospital. He said, “Yes. It is true. They are here. They were rushed to the hospital yesterday. They are in stable now. We can’t disclose the identity of our patients but, what I know is that they were rushed to the hospital yesterday and they are in stable condition.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.