The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Ekiti State has described the one year administration of Dr Kayode Fayemi-led All Progressive Congress government as a colossal failure with no visible achievement to showcase. The party noted that the several billions of naira collected as allocations to the Slstate from the Federal government by the Governor has been grossly mismanaged with other funds and grants squandered to please the pocket of his cronies. In a statement by the Publicity Secretary of the Party, Mr Jackson Adebayo, PDP berated Governor Fayemi for dragging Ekiti State back from the development trends he met on ground when he assumed office on October 16, 2018. The party stressed that with all the seriousness that the immediate past government of PDP put into accelerated development of infrastructure in the state, “there is enough opportunity for Governor Fayemi to build upon, rather he has chosen to pull the gear of progress to reverse mode.” PDP maintained that Ekiti State has found itself in this pity situation because the governor and his team are bereft of ideas of development and ethos of building a State but only conspired to snatch power to enrich themselves. Adebayo cited the case of the new Oja-Oba international market, which was almost completed by the last administration with enough money left for the completion, which till today still remained in the state as it was in 2018 October. The PDP spokesman also pointed out that the street lights installed by the last administration and other urban beautification projects are no more being maintained by the Fayemi government, adding that roads that has only few meters to be completed have not been touched in a whole year of Fayemi administration. The party equally noted that nothing has been done in any school or hospitals in the state in the past one year, saying that the extension of pipe water projects in Ado Ekiti is Federal government one without any contribution from the State. PDP said that the only project that would have been attributed to the present government is the civic center which Fayemi claimed was nearly completed in his first term, it was rewarded and yet it’s still under construction with frontage painting to deceive Ekiti people again. According to PDP, Governor Fayemi knowing fully well that he would have nothing to show for his one year in office has come with a filthy idea of erecting fence in the name of cargo airport which was condemned by his party when the last administration attempted to construct the airport. Apart from the improved allocations to the State from the Federal government, which is estimated to be about 150 Billion Naira, PDP revealed that the present government has secured foreign loans running into several Millions of Dollar with nothing to show for it, among which is the latest 100 Million dollars from the Africa Development Bank. What Fayemi has mainly achieved in his one year in office is grand deception and departure from campaign promises among, which is his promise to pay the backlog of salaries and arrears of Ekiti workers; PDP stated. reaction, the All Progressives Congress, Publicity Secretary, Hon. Ade Ajayi, described the allegations as a concocted falsehood and monumental conjectures. He said Governor Fayemi will not be distracted by the ranting of paranoid people who are only perfectionist at spreading gospel of bare-faced lies. Ajayi said the distractions will not deter the purposeful Fayemi-led administration from its avowed commitment to clear the huge rots left behind by PDP and rescue Ekiti from the clutches of those who held the state by jugular. He said in the last one year, Governor Fayemi has started off on a strong footing with all indicators of socio-economic development in a positive mode. “We are greatly appalled at the desperation of the PDP to spread all manners of lies and falsehood against our government. “When Governor Fayemi came on board virtually all sectors of the state was in deplorable condition but now the health sector has been reinvigorated, education is taking its pride of place, infrastructures and basic amenities are taking good shape, the economy is improving markedly and the state is enjoying a peaceful ambience devoid of political upheaval.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.