The Ilorin Zonal office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Tuesday secured the conviction of one Adepoju Tomiwa for alleged internet fraud and other related offences. Tomiwa was arraigned on a one count charge of cheating by impersonation before Justice Sikiru Oyinloye of a Kwara High court sitting in Ilorin. The charge read: “That you, Adepoju Tomiwa alias (Paul Powell) sometime in August, 2019, in Ilorin within the jurisdiction of this honorable court did cheat by impersonation when you pretended to be one Paul Powell, a white male with gmail account paulpowell1985@gmail.com, and fraudulently deceived one Larry Gowan, an American citizen to send 300 dollars to you through stem gift card, after you made him believe same would be given to Fedex as delivery fee and you thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 321 of the penal code and punishable under Section 324 of the same penal code.” The accused person pleaded guilty to the one count charge. Reviewing the facts of the case, Olamide Sadiq, an operative of the EFCC, narrated to the court how the convict was arrested at Tanke area of Ilorin. “My Lord, Tomiwa and some of his friends were arrested following intelligence reports on September 6, 2019, items recovered from him included a laptop mobile phones and a car, his emails were accessed where some fraudulent chats and messages were printed in his presence. “He admitted that he received 300 dollars from his victim.” Counsel to the EFCC, Sedan Ola, however, urged the court to rely on the evidence of the prosecution witness and convict the defendant accordingly. Justice Oyinloye in passing judgement said the testimony of the prosecution was not challenged or contradicted by the defendant. The judge sentenced Tomiwa to six months imprisonment and ordered that his mobile phones and laptop should be forfeited to the Federal government. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.