In its continuous drive for South-East development, Nzuko Ummuna, a core Igbo Think Tank of committed professionals at home and the diaspora, has marshalled out arrangements for a development inspired Igbo leaders Retreat. The event, set to take place in Abakaliki City, the capital of Ebonyi State on November 22 – 23, 2019, is in league with the South East Governors’ Forum. It will hold at the ultramodern Ecumenical Centre in Abakaliki City. In a release from the Retreat Planning Sub-Committee on Media and Publicity, and signed by Collins Steve Ugwu, the event is tagged “Igboezue Leadership Retreat”. Accordingly, it is expected that the Chairman of the South East Governors’ Forum, Engr. Dave Umahi as the host Governor, will roll out the new city’s hospitality to welcome all his brother Governors to this epoch retreat, as they have all individually been engaged and endorsed it as timely and, one that should be supported to produce enduring outcomes. To this end, the Chairman of the main Organizing Committee of the Retreat, a President General Emeritus of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Chief Gary Enwo Igariwey, revealed that aside all the Governors and all federal legislators of Alaigbo expected, other critical stakeholders of the entire Igbo collectives are upbeat about the prospects of this gathering, because they are being reached methodically and comprehensively. He also promised to address a world press conference on November 4 at the planning secretariat, Abakiliki where as he put it ‘the meat of the meet will be wholesomely unveiled’. Meanwhile, a major Ndigbo grassroots umbrella and advocate of South East development through economic integration have queued behind the noble idea calling for all hands to be on deck to give it the success it deserves. In their emphatic goodwill message to Nzuko Umunna, the Association of South East Town Uníons (ASETU), stated that, the synergy being pioneered by the retreat organisers is in tandem with their declared philosophy to accelerate the development of South East region with a purpose driven think home investment initiative. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.