A Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN) Chief Niyi Akintola, has revealed the reason the All Progressives Congress (APC), lost the governorship election to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state. Akintola, who spoke at an Independence Day lecture in Ibadan, the state capital, insisted that the party made a wrong decision by giving the ticket to someone who was new to the party. DAILY POST gathered that a former Deputy Governor (Operations) Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Mr. Adebayo Adelabu, who was the candidate of the party in the last general elections lost the election to Mr. Seyi Makinde of the PDP. But, Akintola while delivering an independence lecture entitled, “Psuedo Progressivism; Contemporary Political Malady In Nigeria With Focus On Tracing The Development Of Western Nigeria In Pre-Independence And Post-Independence Era” organised by Progressive Network (PRONET), said that the party lost the election by giving the ticket to Adelabu who was unknown to members. Akintola, who contested the primary election of the party with Adelabu and other governorship aspirants said most of leaders in this country deserve to visit psychiatric hospital because of the way they are running the affairs of the country. “I just came back from South Korea for a conference, at the conference, the President of the country mentioned Nigeria as one of the countries that made them attain their present feat. “Looking back at our country, I was seriously annoyed, angry with our leaders considering the level of development in South Korea compare to the present condition of the country, the level of poverty and unemployment is very alarming. “Our leaders only concern about their children and families. How can we described a situation where 25 years child of politicians having millions of naira in bank account while elderly person is struggling to get his monthly salaries. “South Korea was far behind us in the ’60s but now they are one of the leading countries in the world in the area of manufacturing, communications and their economy. “The present structure we are operating in Nigeria does not allow for development to thrive, they don’t put round peg in a round hole in terms of appointment and others. “Most of the politicians calling themselves progressive are just deceiving the masses to get to power, immediately they got to the office they turn to monsters. “Progressive should be principled, though it is tough but you have to endure and it would pay at the end of it all. Anyone who is moving from one political party to another is not a progressive. “Progressive is not about money but is all about name, discipline, principle and integrity. In true progressivism, the party members would contribute for candidate, not that candidate would start sharing money to party members to attain political office. “In progressive you earn position not that you buy your way. A situation where someone would join the party in July and got ticket in September is not progressive and that’s why APC lost in Oyo State in 2019 governorship election.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.