Despite owing its staff 60 months salaries, the Tai Solarin College of Education in Omu, Ijebu area of Ogun State, says it has commenced running of degree programmes for undergraduates in Education, with the goal of producing 21st century education specialists, who will in turn contribute to national development. DAILY POST reported that the staff of the college, one of whom plunged and died in Ososa river, had accused Gov Dapo Abiodun of “reneging on his promises to pay the salary arrears installmentally.” The Provost of the College, Dr. Adeola Kiadese, while presenting the 2019 budget performance of the Institution before members of the Ogun State House of Assembly Committee on Education, Science and Technology, led by Hon. Adeyemi Ademuyiwa, at the Assembly Complex, Oke-Mosan, said the college would start awarding degree certificates. Kiadese informed that in an attempt to boost the self-sustaining power of the institution, it had registered a consultancy services to facilitate human capacity programmes through training and orientation of government primary and secondary schools’ teachers in the State. This, he said was made possible following TASCE’s collaboration with Olabisi Onabanjo University, to run a degree affiliation programme and other business ventures to boost revenue generation of the college. The Provost, who lauded Gov Abiodun and the leadership of the Assembly for their intervention at restoring normalcy and academic activities in the institution, appreciated the state government for the constant payment of subvention to tertiary institutions in the state, with an appeal for increment in the subvention to offset part of the outstanding arrears it owed its members of staff. In his remark, Hon. Adeyemi commended the ingenuity of the Management of the institution at boosting its revenue drive, advising them to further evolve measures at promoting quality service delivery to complement government’s effort at repositioning the education sector of the State. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.