Abuja Airport Road Estate land now goes for N1.7m as nurse wins Honda CrossTour in T Pumpy Connect or Buy and win Promo One of Abuja’s top developers, T Pumpy Concept Ltd, owners of T Pumpy Estate, Abuja has launched a new campaign tagged Abuja for All. The Abuja for All campaign is aimed at making lands affordable and accessible to all Nigerians who wish to own a property in the nation’s capital irrespective of class or status. This was made known on Thursday by Mr. Adaralegbe Akintayo, MD/CEO, Concept Ltd at the redemption of the star prize of the their just concluded Connect or Buy and Win promo. Speaking during the star-studded event, Mr. Adaralegbe said the promo, which kicked off on October 1, would end on December 31, 2019. The promo, he said would afford interested subscribers opportunity to move to site after making 50% down payment and can spread the balance in six months by instalments. The promo comes in three different categories viz. Platinum, Gold and Silver. According to him, “The silver package, which goes for N1.7m and 400SQm allows owner to build 4/5 bedroom duplex, 4 bedroom penthouse and three bedroom bungalow. ” Gold, which is 5000SQM and goes for N2m equally allows owner to build 4/5 bedroom duplex, 4 bedroom penthouse and three bedroom bungalow. “The Platinum package, which is 600SQM at the rate of N2.3m also allows owner to build 4/5 bedroom duplex, 4 bedroom penthouse and three bedroom bungalow. ” Note that all packages come with outright payment or six months payment plan,” he added. The highpoint of the event was the presentation of the Honda CrossTour to the winner of the Connect or Buy and win promo, Mrs. Margaret Oki, a nurse. Presenting the key to the winner, Mr. Adaralegbe said Mrs. Oki emerged winner as a top subscriber of the estate land who has bought and equally recommended so many subscribers. Speaking shortly after receiving her star prize, a visible elated Mrs. Oki said after discovering the genuineness and the legality of the estate land, she recommended numerous buyers, including her father and mother as well as siblings. She enjoined other Nigerians to key into the T Pumpy Estate land as, “it is truly genuine and here to stay.” On ground to thrill guests at the event were; Fuji musician, Sulaimon Alao Adekunle popularly known by his stage name Ks1 Malaika, Femi Adebayo, Asiri and Tayo Odueke, AKA Sikiratu Sindodo, who are also brand ambassadors. The event was anchored by Abuja-based sensational MC and Comedian, Enenche Enenhce. The T-Pumpy Concept team has decades of providing industry-acclaimed off-site home design and construction. Whether you’re interested in a manufactured home or an innovative modular design, the T-Pumpy Concept team continues to deliver what home buyers are looking for in their new homes along with the quality construction they expect and deserve. Office address: House 23, (F) Road, Beside RCCG Resurrection Parish, FHA Lugbe, Abuja. Follow us on our social media platforms. Insagram: T.pumpy_estates Facebook: Tpumpy Estates YouTube : T.pumpy Estates Website: http://tpumpyconcept.com WhatsApp/call: 09054545468 or 09023333380 Below are pictures from the event.    Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.