Lagos State Government has disclosed plan to have a 3000km optic-fibre cable that will enable Lagosians to work from the comfort of their homes and offices without necessarily commuting around the state for transactions. The plan was made known by the Special Adviser to Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu on Works and Infrastructure, Engr. Aramide Adeyoye during a chat with journalists at the “2019 West Africa Digital Construction Conference”, held at Radisson Blu, Hotel, Ikeja, Lagos. She revealed that the present administration was working round the clock to develop the necessary framework that would aid the growth in technology to enhance the smooth transition to a Smart City. Adeyoye reiterated that the state government would continue to collaborate with relevant stakeholders and provide an enabling environment to stimulate the growth of technology in the State. On the state of the roads, the Special Adviser noted that contractors have mobilised to the various sites to commence work on the 62 identified gridlocks to ease traffic congestion in the State, assuring residents that the effect of the massive intervention will begin to manifest within the next one week. The Special Adviser also hinted that plans are afoot to create dedicated lanes with rigid pavements for roads like Oba Akran Avenue, Ikeja and Oba Sekumade Road, Ikorodu which plays hosts to heavy articulated trucks, explaining that the light vehicles will use the existing dual carriageways to the exclusion of the high capacity trucks, thus preserving the roads. Engr. Adeyoye also noted that there will be fewer burdens on the roads when the various rail lines being built by the State and Federal governments are completed and put to use as most haulages will be done by rail. She, however, appealed to members of the public to desist from indiscriminate waste disposal as it is a major factor in destroying road pavements, noting that waste clogs the drains, obstructs the flow of storm water and leads to flooding and destruction of the surface of roads. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.