The Oyo State Police Command has detained the Chairman, Joint Campus Committee (JCC) of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), in the state, Olujuwon Asubiojo and the treasurer of the union, Akeem Abayomi Ajibade, over alleged misappropriation of funds and illegal sale of association’s bus. DAILY POST gathered that Asubiojo and some executive members of the association were arrested on Saturday, following a petition against them that they have embezzled the association’s money and sold the association’s bus. Asubiojo and Ajibade are currently being detained at the State Criminal Investigation Department, SCID, Iyaganku, Ibadan as at the time of filing this report. Our correspondent gathered that Asubiojo was arrested on Saturday 12th October 2019, around 4pm during an executive meeting of Oyo NANS JCC, which was held inside the premises of Federal Cooperative College, Eleyele. It was learnt that the police arrested 3 of the executive members at first before the General Secretary and the Welfare Director joined them at the station. After questioning and putting down of their statements, the executives were released, while the Chairman and the Treasurer were detained as investigation is on going. A close source told DAILY POST on Monday that the Asubiojo-led NANS was petitioned for wrongfully sold a bus belonging to the association. “They sold the association’s bus, it was those who contested against him that petitioned the Police. I was told that he sold the bus but, they used that one to hook him.” Another source told DAILY POST that they were petitioned by some aggrieved members of the union over misappropriation of funds. Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the state police command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi, when contacted, confirmed that the duo were still in detention because they could not meet the bail conditions. Fadeyi, who confirmed that the NANS Chairman and the Treasurer were arrested by the Police, insisted that they were picked following a petition that they have embezzled the association’s funds. He said, “Yes, they were arrested. They were arrested because there was a petition against them. They are still under investigation. “That is what I am saying. They are being investigated because there was a petition against them. “They would have been released because it is a bailable offence, but they have not been released because they have not seen a surety that will stand for them. You know, the police, we cannot just release somebody just like that, they have not seen sureties that will stand for them.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.