The Plateau State gubernatorial candidate of the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the last general election, Senator Jeremiah Useni, has said that he is optimistic that the recent ruling of the Governorship Election Petition Tribunal in the State has only delayed the joy of his supporters, but that it will surely come. He also said his battle with Governor Simon Lalong is not over, saying “No soldier loses one battle and runs away”. DAILY POST recalls that Useni, had filed a petition to challenge the re-election of Governor Simon Lalong of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), claiming that there were votes cancellation in the PDP dominated areas, overvoting in some areas and that Lalong was not qualified to contest in the election. It would be recalled that the State Governorship Election Petition Tribunal had on October 2, 2019 upheld the victory of Lalong at the March gubernatorial election. But Useni while hosting members of PDP at the National and Plateau State House Assembly, said he would pursue his case to its logical conclusion. According to him, “When we went to the Supreme Court, they gave a judgement that supported the tribunal’s initial ruling which included the 21 witnesses. And we thought that the tribunal would be happy that the Supreme Court upheld their position. But the tribunal ignored the Supreme Court’s position and stuck to that of the Court of Appeal, saying that they never heard about the judgement of the Supreme Court. “We also wonder why the hurry in delivering a judgement immediately, just one day after the Independence holiday? Something was amiss. “But these things are just a test. I will pass my test. I will not fail this test. Within two weeks, we will file the appeal. And we will go even up to the Supreme Court. “The war is not over yet. No soldier loses one battle and runs away. Our joy is only being delayed. It will not be denied,” he said. Earlier in his remarks, leader of the delegation and Senator representing Plateau North, Istifanus Gyang, described the tribunal’s judgement as a rude shock. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.