Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Former Military governor of old Rivers State, Major General Zamani Lekwot (rtd), has asked the people of Southeast geo-political zone to stop agitating for separation from Nigeria or crying over marginalization. He urged them to join a political party of their choice and negotiate for the presidency. 2. As the police recruitment battle gets messier, the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, has told the Police Service Commission, PSC that it has no powers to query the Deputy Inspectors-General of Police. Adamu informed the PSC in a letter that the DIGs were not under its control, contrary to the Police Service Commission Establishment Act 2001. 3. The Trade Union Congress, TUC, has declared that organised labour would not go on a warning strike before embarking on the main industrial action, if Federal Government failed to meet workers’ demand on the implementation of the new minimum wage by the close of work on Wednesday, October 16, 2019. 4. Telecom subscribers in Nigeria are likely to pay an additional N261.18bn on voice calls, short message service and data in one year if the Senate passes the proposed Communications Service Bill into law. 5. Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has declared that Nigeria can become a stronger and more prosperous nation if states have more powers. Osinbajo said Nigeria’s population and diverse ethnic groups necessitated that states in the country be strengthened to enable them contribute more to national productivity and development. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari has maintained that the Federal Government is reviewing the security situation and upgrading personnel, equipment and facilities in the Armed Forces, to effectively and efficiently fight insurgency in the country. 7. The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has advised former President Goodluck Jonathan not to bother to reply former British Prime Minister David Cameron for accusing his administration of corruption and neglect of the Chibok girls. The APC said that Nigerians knew the story of Jonathan’s habitual negligence of matters of state. 8. The governorship candidate of the National Conscience Party (NCP) in Lagos State in the 2019 general elections, has said that Atiku Abubakar and his party the Peoples Democratic Party cannot defeat President Muhammadu Buhari at the Supreme Court. He said the Nigerian judiciary is tainted with corruption. He also pointed out that Atiku’s camp did not come up with very strong reasons or evidence that could uphold their case. 9. Former President of the Senate, Adolphus Wabara has dismissed any chances of an Igbo Presidency come 2023. Wabara said the Igbo nation has been systematically confined to certain political limits in Nigeria thus her limited chances to aspire and reach for the Presidency in the next four years. 10. Former British Prime Minister, David Cameron, has accused ex-President Goodluck Jonathan of stopping Britain from rescuing some of the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram insurgents in 2014. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.