An Ilorin High court has sentenced one Ogundele David to death by hanging for killing a staff of MTN, Abiola Tosin Ashinwo. Trial judge, Justice Adebayo Yusuf who handed down the judgement convicted Ogundele on two-count charge. On count one, the convict committed the act by stabbing Ashiwo with the intention of causing her death, thereby committing the offence of culpable homicide punishable with death under section 229 of the Penal code law. He was also convicted for committing culpable homicide for causing the death of Ashinwo by stabbing her with a knife and thereby committing an offence punishable under section 221 of the Penal code law. The judge held that the prosecution was able to prove the case of culpable homicide against Ogundele. The convict bagged 25 years jail term for the first count charge, and death by hanging for the second offence. In proving the three-year-old case before the court, the prosecutor, who is also the state Director of Public Prosecution, Abdulmumini Adebimpe Jimoh, called four witnesses, Inspector Yusuf Daudu, CPL Bunmi Adegboye, Abiola Ashinwo, and ASP Gbadebo Adeyemi. Exhibits tendered by the prosecutor included a Toyota Camry, a sharp knife, a pair of rubber slippers, photographs of the deceased and a statement of the convict. Confession of the convict quoted by the prosecutor stated; ” On 25th April 2016, I woke up and prepared for work. But to my surprise, I never knew how I found myself in Ilorin. I can never explain how it happened because I really prepared to go to work. Since I was in Ilorin, I called my legal wife on the phone that she should get dressed that I will take her to Omu-Aran that morning. I got to Tosin’s house, since her mum was around, I felt like saying hello to her. “I got there that morning, we exchanged pleasantries, her mum said she was happy to see me and we discussed for few minutes, suddenly, the atmosphere changed and an argument began and before I knew it, I had stabbed Tosin and her mum, then, I came to my myself. It was like a scale fell off my eyes.” The prosecutor had submitted that the convict through his confessional statement convicted himself. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.