No fewer than forty-four (44) students have graduated with First-Class Degrees in the 2018/2019 academic session at the Ajayi Crowther University (ACU), Oyo. Vice-Chancellor of the University, Professor Dapo Asaju made this declaration while addressing journalists at a press conference on the sidelines of the 11th convocation ceremonies of the university on Monday. Asaju while giving a breakdown of the number of students added that a total of one thousand, three hundred and ninety students are being conferred with first and postgraduate degrees. He noted that one thousand and sixty-three (1063) students would be conferred with first degrees while three hundred and twenty-seven (327) students are being conferred with various postgraduate degrees in the university. He added that a total of forty-four students made First Class, five hundred and fifty (550) made Second Class Upper, four hundred and fifty-seven students made Second Class Lower Division, while only twelve (12) students are graduating with third class division in the academic session. Asaju while speaking further, said that the university produced fifty-four (54) law graduates as the first set in its faculty of law. He said that among the first set of its law graduates, three (3) are graduating with first-class, twenty-four (24) are graduating with Second Class Upper (24), twenty-five with Second Class Lower (25), while the remaining two are graduating with Third Class (2). “For the first time, we shall be graduating students from the faculty of Law in this university as well as an impressive number of postgraduate students. “We started five years ago when we were given accreditation by the National Universities Commission (NUC). 54 students are graduating in the first set of our law graduates. 3 made first class, 24 made second class upper, twenty-five with second class lower while the remaining two are graduating with third class. “The performance of our graduating students this year has recorded significant improvement over the previous years. At this convocation, a total of 1,390 students shall be conferred with first and postgraduate degrees in various programmes of the university. ”This number comprises 1063 undergraduate students and 327 postgraduate students. 44 of the undergraduate students are graduating with first honours, 550 in second class upper division, 457 in second class lower division and 12 students in third class.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.