The National Emergency Management Agency, NEMA has advised that students of the Adekunle Ajasin University Akungba-Akoko, AAUA, who live in flood-prone areas to immediately move to a safer place till the rains subside. Coordinator of NEMA in Ondo, Osun and Ekiti states, Mr. Olusegun Afolayan gave the advice when lawmakers of the Ondo State House of Assembly paid a sympathy visit to AAUA’s management over the recent flood during which a student of the institution was swept away. Recall that DAILY POST had reported how a 400-level student of AAUA, Doyinsola Afolayan
was swept away in a flood that ravaged Akungba community in Akoko South West Local Government Area of Ondo State last week. Doyinsola, a final year student from the institution’s Department of Religious and African Studies was swept away by flash flood occasioned by a heavy downpour which led to the overflow of the canal beside her residence. During the visit, the lawmakers expressed the heartfelt sympathy of the House to the University management and the entire community. The Vice-Chancellor of the institution, Prof. Igbekele Ajibefun who expressed displeasure at the incident thereafter led the lawmakers to the site of the incident. Speaking at the scene of the flooding, the Chairman House Committee on Tertiary Institutions Hon. Felemugudu Bankole called on residents to desist from erecting structures on river channels to avert such disaster in the future. The lawmaker representing Akure South state constituency two, Hon. Sunday Olajide appealed to interventionist agencies to complete all ongoing hostel projects on the University campus in order to alleviate the accommodation problem of the students. Meanwhile, the lawmakers later visited parents of the AAUA final year student who was washed away in their resident in Akure as they called on agencies of government to rise up to the challenge of a continuous search for the girl. Trusting on the strong faith of the parents, the lawmakers were hopeful that their child would be found alive. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.