Public School Teachers in Akwa Ibom State said they would no longer condone what they termed ‘humiliation on our younger colleagues’ meted on them by the state government. The body, Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT) Akwa Ibom State chapter led by, Comrade Etim Ukpong stated this on Sunday during the celebration of the 2019 World Teachers’ Day on the theme; Young Teachers, the Future of the Profession in Uyo. Ukpong lamented that teaching profession has not been accorded its pride of place in the state, noting that this may affect the output of teachers as well as jeopardize the future. According to him, “The young professional teachers may not tolerate such humiliating treatments; and the future may not be better than it is today. And the truth must be told, government’s negative attitude towards the teacher has largely been responsible for society’s lack of respect for the teacher.” To attract young professionals to teaching profession, the NUT boss asked government to evolve a positive attitude towards, in particular, the public school teachers for the society to accord them due respect. In the new spirit for education in the state, Ukpong reminded government to clear outstanding arrears to teachers such as the 2013, 2015, 2017, 2018 and 2019 leave grants; promotion arrears of 2011 till date; 7.5% contributory pensions refund to teachers in primary and secondary schools; and delays in the release of teachers’ promotions, among others. Gov. Udom Gabriel Emmanuel, who was represented on the occasion by
the head of civil service in the state, Mr Effiong Essien, said his administration would continue to prioritize the development of education and welfare of teachers in his completion agenda because of the cardinal role of education in the development of any system. The governor said the renovation and equipping of educational
facilities, building of model schools, free and compulsory education, payment of examination fees for students, the recruitment of more teachers to bridge teacher-students ratio and the recently held Education Summit were part of government’s effort at repositioning the education sector in the state. He also mentioned the payment of subvention, salary, pensions and
other entitlements, release of the 2017/2018 promotions, as well as
the on-going efforts at clearing the backlog of gratuities as a clear demonstration of his sincere concern for the welfare of his workforce. The State Commissioner for Education, Professor Nse Essien, represented by the Director, Adult and Non-Formal Education, Mrs.Mercy Edet, described the teachers as destiny molders and commended them for their pivotal role in shaping the society and the citizens. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.