The people of Owerre Umabor community, in Eha-Alumonah, Nsukka Local Government Area of Enugu State, have bemoaned the lack of power supply in the area for two years. The community lamented that the development has killed the economic life of the people. Speaking to journalists in Enugu, Thursday, an indigene of the community, Comrade Emmanuel Ugwueze said it was regrettable that all efforts made to remedy the situation in the past hit the brick wall. According to Ugwueze, the Enugu Electricity Distribution Company, EEDC, has made several promises with regards to the problem, but never kept them. He recalled that “the Senate Committee on power was in Enugu for a public hearing last year, during which the issue was raised. “After I made presentations on behalf of our community, the Committee asked the EEDC whether they had transformers available. The management responded that they had 7 transformers available. They were then asked to attend to the needs of our community. “One of the EEDC officials approached me immediately and collected my contact details. But one year after that public hearing, no one called me, neither did they replace the transformer nor return the existing one which they took for nearly two years now for repair. “Other leaders of our community have also made spirited efforts, visits to the EEDC both at Nsukka District office and Enugu Headquarters but nothing has happened.” Ugwueze, who is a journalist, appealed to Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi to come to the aid of the community. “We have now seen that the EEDC is not ready to do the needful and this has seriously affected the economic and social life of our community. “All the young men who rely on power to do their work have been sent back to the streets for nearly two years now. “So, we are appealing to His Excellency, the Governor of Enugu State, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi to come to our rescue. All we need is a new transformer and this problem will be solved once and for all. “Our people have always been supportive of his government and indeed the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, since 1999 and this is why we urge the State government not to abandon us to our fate,” he pleaded. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.