Ghana’s Foreign Minister and Regional Integration, Shirley Ayorkor Botchwey, has appealed to the Nigerian government to let goods from Ghana enter Nigeria. This is following the recent closure of Nigeria’s western borders in order to curb the illegal entry of banned items. Earlier, the Comptroller-General of Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), retired Col. Hameed Ali, said the closure was to strengthen the nation’s security and protect its economic interests Botchwey issued the plea during a meeting with Nigeria’s High Commission to Ghana, Olufemi Michael Abikoye on Tuesday, reports Ghanaweb. Botchwey said that the Ghanaian government would make use of all diplomatic avenues to get Nigeria to reopen its borders for the free flow of goods from Ghana She said, “As we speak, Nigerian goods are entering Ghana without any problem and I think that we should find ways of isolating the issues and the countries that you have problems with so that Ghana’s exports can enter your market without being lumped up with all these issues that have emerged. “Truckloads of goods from Ghana have been detained at the Seme border between Benin and Nigeria for weeks and coming back to use the seaports would present a major problem as the traders have already lost millions within the last few weeks. But, the Nigerian High Commissioner, Olufemi Abikoye, said Abuja would be willing to collaborate with Ghana to find a lasting solution to the situation. “At the end of it, we’re helping our economies, the smuggling will stop and the issues we are going to discuss in detail after this [press briefing], we’ll put on the platform and at the end of it, all of us will be very happy about it, the sub-region will be happy, we will be able to generate employment. ” I appreciate you Your Excellency for calling for this meeting, it actually shows your diplomacy at the highest level and whatever you cover with respect to those trucks [Ghanaian goods], we shall convey to Nigeria,” he added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.