Some hoodlums terrorising innocent people around the popular Iwo-Road under bridge in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, have killed a thirty-year-old man identified as Nurudeen Alowonle. An eyewitness, who informed DAILY POST Saturday morning, maintained that Alowonle was killed Thursday night by the hoodlums who have been defraying commuters and passengers coming and going out of Ibadan through Iwo Road their property. The source maintained that Alowonle was coming from his shop that night when he was accosted by the hoodlums who asked him to give them the sum of one thousand naira before he can pass the road. Another source, Mr. Sakirullahi Abayomi, said that the hoodlums began to beat the victim when he told them that he does not have the money. Abayomi, who is also the Lead Activist, Veteran Organization for Human Rights (VOHRI), a civil rights group committed to defending the rights of the masses, added that the victim was allegedly beaten to death by the hoodlums led by one, Lekan who is also known as Rigimon. Abayomi said, “The picture is the corpse of the victim, who was killed by one of Iwo road thugs all know as Lekan (Rigimon) Thursday night. “As I was told, the boys asked the victim to give them money, but the deceased said he was not with money, so the boys got angry and started beating him till he died. The victim was identified as Nurudeen Alowonle. “The victim was rushed to Eyiwumi Hospital that night, it was there that the doctors pronounced him dead. Now, the corpse has been deposited at Ade-Oyo mortuary. “Some policemen came from Agodi Police Division at Testing Ground on Friday, but, I don’t know if those boys have been arrested. They have been terrorising people in this area. Especially, Iwo Road under bridge at night. They collect phones, bags and other valuables from people coming or traveling out of Ibadan. The police need to do their job.” But, Public Relations Officer of the state Police Command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi, when contacted, told DAILY POST that he has not been briefed about the matter. Fadeyi, who said he has been out of Ibadan for PROs conference in Awka, Anambra State since Monday, promised to find out what happened when he reach Ibadan. He said, “I have been out of Ibadan since Monday. I am on my way to Ibadan when you called. They have not brief me. “But, I will find out from the CP when I get to Ibadan. We have been in the conference since Monday, so I would not know what happened until I get to Ibadan because I have not been briefed. I will find out when I get to Ibadan. Thank you “ Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.