A truck loaded with petroleum product has exploded at Upper Iweka, Onitsha in Anambra State. Source said the truck lost control and rammed into the wall of the popular Toronto Hospital at Upper-Iweka before exploding. The state police command’s Public Relations Officer, SP Haruna Mohammed, confirmed the incident, saying that the state police commissioner, John Abang, has just arrived the scene for on-the-zpot assessment. DAILY POST gathered that the Fire Service department has been contacted but were yet to arrive the scene at the time of filing this report. Also, the Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC), Anambra Command, Mr Andrew Kumapayi, confirmed the incident to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Awka. He stated that the incident occurred at about 12:44 p.m. Kumapayi said that the Fire Service Officials got to the scene of the fire promptly but could not put out the fire as their water pump developed fault. “The tanker lost control due to break failure, the head of the vehicle pulled out while the tank containing Diesel fell into the gutter spilling its content on the road and caught fire due to the spill. “The fire spread through the gutter and affected about six houses on the road and shops in Ochanja Market. “No life was lost and no other vehicle was affected. “The fire service got there on time but their pump developed fault, they left the scene to fix the pump and restrategise. “If the pump had functioned, the fire wouldn’t have spread to the houses and shops,” he said. Kumapayi warned tanker owners and drivers to ensure that their vehicles were in good condition before plying the roads. “The saving grace was the road bumps constructed by the state government; it prevented the tanker from ramming into buildings around the area,” he said. Kumapayi said that policemen and FRSC officials were on ground to maintain order and ensure free flow of traffic. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.