President Muhammadu Buhari has forwarded the name of Justice John Tosho to the Senate for confirmation as the Chief Judge of the Federal High Court. The President also forwarded the name of Honourable Justice Benedict Bakwaph Kanyip as the President of the National Industrial Court of Nigeria. The Senate also received three nominees as Resident Electoral Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The nominees included Umar Mukhtar Gajiram (Borno), Dr. Aiaiibo Sinikiem Johnson (Bayelsa) and Raheem Muideen Olalekan (Osun). In his letter nominating the three State Resident Electoral Commissioners, Buhari said, “Pursuant to Paragraph 14(3) of Part 1 of the Third Schedule to the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (as amended) I hereby write to request for confirmation by the Senate the appointment of the following three (3) nominees as Resident Electoral Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC): Umar Mukhtar Gajiram Commissioner Borno, On the appointment of the Judge of the Federal High Court, Buhari said: “Pursuant to Section 250(1) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999 (as amended), I hereby write to request for confirmation by the Senate, the appointment of Honourable Justice J.T. Tsoho as the Chief Judge of the Federal High Court of Nigeria. “While I trust that the Senate will consider this request in the usual expeditious manner, Please accept, Distinguished Senate President, the assurances of my highest consideration.” On the President of the National Industrial Court, Buhari said, “Pursuant to Section 250(1) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999 (as amended), I hereby write to request for confirmation by the Senate, the appointment of Honourable Justice Benedict Bakwaph Kanyip as the President of the National Industrial Court of Nigeria. “While trusting that the Senate will consider this request in the usual expeditious manner, Please accept, Distinguished Senate President the assurances of my highest consideration.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.