A magistrate court in Umuahia, the Abia State capital, Tuesday, remanded a popular chieftain of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party in the state, Lawrence Ohaeri in Afara prison, Umuahia for allegedly defiling a 10-year-old girl, Miss Uloaku Onyekwere, an indigene of Umuana Ndume Ibeku in Umuahia North local government area of Abia. In the charge, it was alleged that “Lawrence Ohaeri ‘M’ on the 18th of September, 2019 at Umuahia Ndume in Umuahia North magisterial District unlawfully had sexual intercourse with a child named Uloaku Onyekwere aged ten years and thereby committed an offence punishable under section 32(2) of the Abia state Child’s Right Law, 2006.” During questions by the Chief Magistrate, Linda Ugbaja, the victim Uloaku Onyekwere, narrated that she was at home with her brother Chimaobi and another relation Chigoziri of same age when Ohaeri called them to help him sweep his house and compound. She said while they where sweeping, Ohaeri gave Chigoziri five hundred naira to buy bread while the brother was outside. She said she was still sweeping one of the rooms when Ohaeri came, grabbed her from the back, removed her pant and forced himself on her. She said her scream made her brother Chimaobi rush inside and later called her father before the matter was reported to Word Bank police station Umuahia and she was examined by a doctor. Further during questioning by the magistrate, the elder brother to the victim, Chimaobi Onyekwere, 12 years old, who is a witness said he was outside when he heard her sister screaming. “I rushed inside the house and I saw brother on top of my sister before I ran to call my father,” he said. Meanwhile, the father of the alleged raped girl, Mr Onyekwere Nmeregini, a tricycle driver, called for justice for her daughter. He said when he confronted Ohaeri, he denied the allegation, followed him down to his house screaming and threatened to deal with him for falsely accusing him. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.