Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Trade Union Congress, TUC has warned that government’s failure to implement the N30,000 minimum wage will kill job satisfaction. The congress said it knows government’s gimmicks and cannot be deceived twice, adding that the organised labour has learnt its lesson and are ready for the government. 2. Niger Republic has blown the lid off $1.7m cash found in an apartment in its capital Niamey. The Nigerien authorities tipped off Abuja about the cash found in the apartment believed to be owned by a former Chairman of the Pension Reform Task Team, Abdulrasheed Maina. 3. Femi Falana (SAN) has faulted the decision of President Muhammadu Buhari to extend the service of his Chief Personal Security Officer, Mr. Abdulkarim Dauda by three years. Falana noted that the president’s directive violated Section 42 of the 1999 Constitution (as Amended) and the Discrimination (Employment and Occupation) Convention, 1958. 4. Alhaji Adamu Song, former National Chairman of the defunct Alliance for Democracy, AD, has explains why it would be difficult for the electorate in the North to vote for an Igbo candidate during the 2023 presidential election. He said it would be difficult for Southeast to rule a country that most of them see as a zoo. 5. Hon. Simon Mwadkwon, a member representing Barkin-Ladi/Riyom Federal Constituency of Plateau State in the House of Representatives, has accused Governor Nasiru El-Rufai of Kaduna State of working against zoning in the country, saying that Nigerians must consider the Southeast for 2023 Presidency in the spirit of fairness. 6. Despite the presentation of Nigeria’s 2020 budget by President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday, investors’ appetite for equities weakened as the market capitalisation fell by approximately N220 billion week-on-week (w-o-w). This is even as the total turnover of deals done by investors rose by 13.2 per cent from 12,032 deals in the preceding week to 13,616 deals at the end of the trading week. 7. Troops of Operation LAFIYA DOLE have captured 10 suspected Boko Haram Commanders while attempting to sneak into some communities around Bitta in Gwoza LGA of Borno State in a bid to escape the troops’ sustained onslaught against them. 8. The Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC) has notified eight power distribution companies (DisCos) on its intent to cancel their licences in 60 days after they accumulated N30.1 billion energy invoice debts for July 2019. 9. Some Federal agencies have been ordered to appear before the Senate Committee on Federal Character over off-the-record recruitment of staff. The Senate Committee on Federal Character got wind of intelligence reports stating some Government agencies have been secretly recruiting new staff without the approval of regulated authorities. Hence , these agencies have been summoned to appear before a Panel on Monday. 10. The umbrella group of youth leaders in the South East geopolitical zone, Coalition of South East Youth Leaders (COSEYL) has said that the presidency for the Zone in 2023 is not negotiable. The group emphatically demanded that the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and the opposition Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) should cede the Presidency to the region. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.