The Igbo Youth Assembly (IYA) worldwide has urged Nigerians, particularly cultural and political groups to support and promote the unity, peace, and progress of the country. The group in a statement signed by its President General, Mr ifeanyi Nwaudunna, in Abuja on Tuesday, felicitated with Nigerians on the country’s 59th Independence Anniversary. Nwaudunna said that Nigerians should do away with the spirit and quest of secessionism and indulge in the activities and programmes that would sustain national unity and peace. “The apex social-cultural and political youth organization in Igbo land eastern Nigeria, Igbo Youth Assembly Worldwide congratulates and celebrates with Nigerians at 59years of independence. “IYA Worldwide urge all Nigerians, especially cultural and political groups such as IPOB, MOSSOB, BIAFRA ZIONIST, BIAFRA NATIONAL COUNCIL and others to support and promote the unity, peace, and progress of Nigeria. “And to do away with the spirit and quest of secessionism rather indulge in the activities and programmes that sustain national unity and peace,” he said. According to him, Nigeria as a Nation was better united as one indivisible entity. Nwaudunna appealed to Nigerians in the spirit of National unity and patriotism, stop the fight for secessionism and disintegration rather to sue and advocate for peaceful co-existence among Nigerians. He said that Nigeria had many things to benefit as a united and progressive entity, especially in the areas of human and material resources. According to him, Nigeria is the giant of Africa because of its economic, political, military, numerical and technically powers and strength and its diversity over other African countries. “United we stand, divided we fall. If divided or disintegrated, Nigeria has lost its glory, strength and diversity, so the future, progress and development of Nigeria lies on its unity and diversity. “At 59, Nigeria as a country and Nation needs citizens that think about the development, peace, unity and progress of Nation not the ones against it. “Igbo Youth Assembly Worldwide urges Nigerians to support the present administration of President Muhammadu Buhari to redeem the image of the country by supporting local content, especially in the area of agriculture and food security, which Buhari administration has performed excellently. “And the president is still performing in the fight against corruption and insurgency, infrastructure and road construction across Nigeria,” the group said. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.