The Rector of D.S. Adegbenro ICT Polytechnic, Itori, Prof. Olufemi Fatade, has denied allegations against the management of the polytechnic by the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS). The student body had alleged that it had secretly increased tuition fees and introduced other charges, saying government did not approve the request for the slight upward review. DAILY POST reported the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) last week as passing vote of no confidence on the Rector of the polytechnic, due to his alleged plans to increase tuition fee and introduce other charges in the state-owned institution, thereby causing untoward hardship for the students. Reacting to the allegations, the Rector explained that the management of the institution has not increased or introduced any additional charges, but only proposed a slight upward review of N5,000 each on the convocation fee and school fees being paid by the students. The Rector, in a statement, disclosed that the management had only requested for an approval from government for an increase in the two fees. Fatade pointed out that “the normal practice was to seek government approval for such a review and except the government granted the approval, such an increase would not be effected.” He added that the increase was intended for the 2019/2020 academic session which was due to commence on October 7. However, he said that the “state government has cautioned against such an increase and has consequently asked that management stick to status-quo, which management has complied with immediately.” The Rector stated that investigation carried out by his team revealed that some elements within the Institution were collaborating with the students to bring the management into disrepute. “The management is aware of the enormous responsibilities entrusted unto us by the state government, the parents of the students who are expectant that by the time their children and wards finish from the institution, they would not only have become fully equipped for future challenges of the outside world, but self dependent, hence management is poised to work towards the realisation of those expectations. “As administrators, educators and parents, we owe the state and the country the responsibilities of ensuring we do all that were humanly possible to ease learning for the students, who hold the key to unlock the progress and development of the nation. “I urged the Students Union Government and all stakeholders in the institution to cooperate with the management in ensuring the continued growth of the institution,” Fatade stated. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.