Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari in his Independence Day nationwide address has appealed to Nigerians to be patriotic and shun all acts capable of division. Buhari also reeled out his government’s achievements, while reiterating determination to ensure the country’s development. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari has directed the Ministry of Finance, Budget, and National Planning to release N600 billion for Capital Expenditure in the next three months. 3. President Muhamamdu Buhari has warned that his administration will not tolerate free speech that infringes on the rights of other citizens or threatens to undermine National Security, saying, his government will take firm and decisive action. 4. The Federal High Court has ordered that the convener of #RevolutionNow protest, Omoyele Sowore, and his co-defendant, Olawale Bakare be remanded in DSS custody till Friday when their bail application would be heard. 5. The National Youth Service Corps has approved the use of white, shoulder-length hijabs for female corps members, who are Muslims. It added that only three types of dressing used for different occasions would be acceptable for corps members. 6. The Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, has given the movie production and distribution a $10.7 billion growth target in the next five years. CBN Governor Godwin Emefiele said the intervention of the apex bank in the music and movie industry would be in the areas of support to young entrepreneurs in the development of digital content. 7. The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the last election Atiku Abubakar has said Nigeria’s founding fathers would be disappointed at how bad things have turned, despite the end of military rule in 1999. He lamented the slow pace of development in the country, 59 years after the attainment of Independence. 8. Former President Goodluck Jonathan has charged Nigerians to strengthen faith and work towards a prosperous nation. Jonathan made the call in his Independence Day message. He recalled that 59 years ago, Nigeria joined other countries that attained independence from colonial rule. 9. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has appealed to Nigerians to be careful of persons scheming division in the country. The ruling party said this in its message on the country’s 59th Independence Anniversary. The party hailed Nigeria’s founding fathers who fought for independence as well as members of the Armed Forces, who have paid the supreme sacrifice to defend the country’s territorial integrity and unity. 10. The Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Tukur Buratai, has said terrorism and terrorist groups could not be eliminated alone by the military unless religious bodies and organisations in the country come to the forefront of the battle. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.