Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Supreme Court has fixed October 30, 2019, for the commencement of the hearing of appeal filed by the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 general elections, Atiku Abubakar, challenging the judgment of the presidential election tribunal, which affirmed the election of President Muhammadu Buhari. This was made known on PDP’s Official Twitter page of Sunday. 2. Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent a Freedom of Information (FoI) request to Zainab Ahmed, Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, asking her to urgently provide information on the total amount of money paid to contractors from the $460 million loan obtained in 2010 from China to fund the apparently failed Abuja Closed-Circuit Television (CCTV) contract. The group urged Mrs Ahmed to “disclose specific details of local contractors, if any, that have received funds from the loan for the CCTV contract, reportedly awarded to China’s ZTE Corporation, as well as the implementation status of the project.” 3. Herdsmen, cattle rearers or any other person(s) who rear or graze cattle or any other livestock openly in any part of Oyo State now risk at least five (5) years jail term or a fine of five hundred thousand naira (500,000.00) or both if found guilty. The punishments attached to open grazing of cattle or any livestock in the state was contained in the recently passed anti-open grazing bill by the state House of Assembly. 4. A former Secretary-General, Commonwealth of Nations, Chief Emeka Anyaoku, has canvassed support for President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration on the closure of Nigeria’s borders. Anyaoku said that the closure of the border would boost economic development of the country. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari will depart Abuja today for Riyadh, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, to attend the third edition of the Future Investment Initiative (FII). Garba Shehu, the Presidential Spokesman, who disclosed this in a statement in Abuja on Sunday, said that event was organised by Saudi’s Public Investment Fund (PIF). 6. President Muhammadu Buhari has condoled with the family of Abubakar Tafawa Balewa, the late Prime Minister, on the loss of Hajiya Jummai Abubakar, Balewa’s last surviving wife, who died on Sunday. Buhari’s condolence message was communicated in a statement issued by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, on Sunday.
In the message sent through the Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed. 7. The Plateau State Police Command on Sunday confirmed the collapse of a two-storey building at Butcher Street, Terminus Market in Jos North Local Government Area of the state. DSP Terna Tyopev, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the command, who told newsmen that the incident occurred Sunday afternoon, however, said no life was lost in the incident. 8. Catholic bishops approved a proposal on Saturday allowing some married men to be ordained as priests in the Amazon region. The proposal, which must be approved by Pope Francis, would be a historic change to the church’s centuries-old tradition of unmarried priests. 9. Governorship candidate of the African Action Congress, AAC, in the March 9 governorship election in Rivers State, Engr. Biokpomabo Festus Awara, has accepted the Supreme Court Judgment which upheld the victory of Governor Nyesom Wike and finally confirmed him as the duly elected Governor of Rivers State. Awara reacted to the Apex Court’s verdict in a statement he issued and signed personally. 10. US President, Donald Trump has confirmed the death of the leader of the terrorist group, ISIS, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. Al-Baghdadi reportedly died after U.S. forces carried out an operation in Syria. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.