The National Identity Management Commission (NIMC), on Sunday said the adoption of the National Identification Number (NIN) as criteria for all examinations in the country will tackle malpractices such as impersonation and promote transparency. Hadiza Dagabana, NIMC Acting-Director-General, Hadiza Dagabana told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that although, registration for NIN had already started at the Primary School level of education across the country, it should be encouraged to further enhance confidence in the nation’s examination system. She said, doing so will help stop impersonation, adding that registration processes for NIN should become mandatory before enrollment for public examinations. “In the case of JAMB, there are issues, there are impersonations and they were looking at way to remedy those issues and mitigate those issues. “The only way you can identify a person sitting for JAMB examination, is with his identification number issued by JAMB. “The communication is before you go and register for JAMB make sure you have your national identification number (NIN) because that is what will identify you. “And you know the beauty of that is the moment JAMB and all other educational stakeholders meet and decide to use NINthat means from that period up to the time you get your any certificate in your life that NIN will be attached to you “So, if you get your ID that is what will tie you to all the things you do in your life. “For those categories of persons under 16 we tie their enrollment because their biometrics is not yet fully formed with the identity of their parent or guardian. Meanwhile, JAMB last week advised candidates who wish to write the 2020 UTME to visit the nearest National Identity Management Commission’s office to have their data captured. It said candidates must register for the National Identification Number as a prerequisite to writing the 2020 examination. “All candidates wishing to take the 2020 UTME must have the National Identification Number. Prospective candidates are urged to visit the nearest NIMC office for their capturing. The board would only register candidates with NIN,” it added. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.