 Following the launch of its end of the year promo, Abuja for All by T.Pumpy, developers of T.Pumpy Estate, Airport Road, Abuja, more Nigerians have been rushing to grab the offer. Speaking in an interview with T.Pumpy Media team, most of the subscribers and residents of the estate described the land as genuine and verifiable. Chairman of the phase 3 of the estate, Pastor Emmanuel Joseph Balla, said has been living in the estate and has not had any problem with the authorities regrading the authenticity of the land. “I bought the land and obtained the necessary documents, I can say that right from the foundation till when I parked into my house, I never had any challenge with the authorities. ” To the best of my knowledge, the land is genuine and has not issue. I can boldly recommend it for anyone interested in owning a property in Abuja.” On his part, another resident, David M Dogo, said he has been living peacefully with his family in the estate.  “My name is David M Dogo, I am a resident of T.Pumpy Estate, Airport Roaz Abuja, and I can confirm that the land is real and genuine.
” Since moving in here with my family, I’ve not had any issue with AMAC or any government agency about the land.” The Abuja for All campaign is aimed at making lands affordable and accessible to all Nigerians who wish to own a property in the nation’s capital irrespective of class or status. Mr. Adaralegbe Akintayo, MD/CEO, Concept Ltd had recently announced the kick off of the promo. Mr. Adaralegbe said the promo, which kicked off on October 1, would end on December 31, 2019. The promo, he said would afford interested subscribers opportunity to move to site after making 50% down payment and can spread the balance in six months by instalments. The promo comes in three different categories viz. Platinum, Gold and Silver.  According to him, “The silver package, which goes for N1.7m and 400SQm allows owner to build 4/5 bedroom duplex, 4 bedroom penthouse and three bedroom bungalow. ” Gold, which is 5000SQM and goes for N2m equally allows owner to build 4/5 bedroom duplex, 4 bedroom penthouse and three bedroom bungalow. “The Platinum package, which is 600SQM at the rate of N2.3m also allows owner to build 4/5 bedroom duplex, 4 bedroom penthouse and three bedroom bungalow. ” Note that all packages come with outright payment or six months payment plan,” he added.  The T-Pumpy Concept team has decades of providing industry-acclaimed off-site home design and construction. Whether you’re interested in a manufactured home or an innovative modular design, the T-Pumpy Concept team continues to deliver what home buyers are looking for in their new homes along with the quality construction they expect and deserve. Office address: House 23, (F) Road, Beside RCCG Resurrection Parish, FHA Lugbe, Abuja. Follow us on our social media platforms. Insagram: T.pumpy_estates Facebook: Tpumpy Estates YouTube : T.pumpy Estates Website: http://tpumpyconcept.com WhatsApp/call: 09054545468 or 09023333380 Watch clips below.      Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.