After turning down a return to Barcelona to become the club’s sporting director, ex-captain Carles Puyol, has explained his decision. According to Fox Sports, Puyol explained he turned down the offer because he was too busy to take on the responsibility. “I am at a time when I develop new projects, the next one will come out in a few days and it is designed for fathers and mothers who want to share time with their children,” Puyol told reporters on Saturday. “I have many more. I had been working on them for many months and I don’t think it’s time to leave them. It was not the time to join Barca,” he added. Carles Puyol also admitted he prefers Lionel Messi’s softly-softly approach to diplomacy at Barcelona over the blunt style of Gerard Pique. Long-serving defender Pique recently suggested the Barcelona board may have been planting stories in the media that were critical of players. Messi, by contrast, rarely speaks out, and former Barcelona captain Puyol indicated he would follow the Argentine’s lead when it comes to handling club issues. “You have to respect Gerard. We all know him, we know he says what he thinks, he goes straight… “But, I’d like to talk the same as Messi, so would have acted just like him.” Puyol’s former team-mate Victor Valdes was sacked as coach of the Barcelona Under-19 side this month. DAILY POST recalls that the ex-goalkeeper reportedly clashed with La Masia head Patrick Kluivert. “Victor still doesn’t have much experience as a coach,” Puyol said. “Last season he did very well and has a lot of knowledge about soccer to teach children. “I do not know the reasons for what happened, I am not in the club, but I know that he will have a good career as a coach and that he will train great players. “Youth football is not easy. Many times you look more at the results and you also have to think about the development and training of the children.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.