A cross-section of Nigerians have reacted to the death of former Nigeria U-20 and U-23 captain, Isaac Promise. DAILY POST had earlier reported that the ex-Genclerbirligi and Trabzonspor striker passed away at the age of 31 on Thursday. Austin Bold FC chairman, Bobby Epstein, announced the passing on Thursday. “The greatest loss a team can suffer is not on the scoreboard, it’s the death of a fellow teammate,” wrote Epstein. “It’s with shock and grief that we acknowledge the sudden death of Promise Isaac. “On behalf of the BOLD organisation; we wish his wife, children and family strength and peace as they struggle to cope with his death.” However, these developments generated some comments on Twitter, and the reactions are presented by DAILY POST below: @Horlatunde, “Isaac Promise death is a massive shock to me, what is this life really? Work hard, Work hard yet with no certainty of how and when it will all end. @OkoroCollins11, “Rest in peace to Isaac Promise. May the good Lord accept your soul.” @GabiZimmerMEP, “Isaac Promise is dead at just 31 this is really a rude shocking news. Rest On in the Lord Compatriot. But what could have led to his demise? @dinhoptarh, “Jesus! Sad Sad news. RIP Isaac Promise.” @RadioPaparazi, “Unfortunately yes he is Bruh. Our darling Olympian Isaac Promise is no longer with us.” @thebardogbamola, “Oh my gosh! So Isaac Promise is dead? Wawu! May his soul Rest In Peace! Can we just talk about our favorite Isaac Promise moment to keep his memories alive? @PoojaMedia, “SAD ONE!!! Rest In Peace to Former U-20 Captain, Isaac Promise.” He was part of the team that won Silver at the 2005 U-20 World Cup under Samson Siasia and also silver at Beijing 2008 Olympics.” @UchePOkoye, “Isaac Promise was an energetic and terrific player. He had bright future ahead of him. Today is a very sad day for Nigerian Football and Nigerians in general. Our thoughts are with the family you left behind. May your gentle soul Rest In Peace! @FootballKuli, “This is just too sad to bear …Rest in peace Isaac Promise.” @ChinaksChris, “With a heavy heart, I say RIP Isaac Promise. May GOD grant strength to his family members.” @OloyeTimmy, “Very disheartening. Rest on Isaac Promise.” @Lordstepphen, “Isaac Promise why so early …..God rest your soul.” @SportPaparazzi1, “You formed the integral part of the U20 team that won Silver in Holland, Captain fantastic. You will forever be missed. Rest in peace Isaac Promise.” @shaddyson, “Rest in peace to Isaac Promise who has gone to meet the Lord.” @OlawaleAkadiri, “I join the football world to mourn the sudden death of the Captain of the Nigerian football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Isaac Promise! My thoughts and prayers are with his family, loved ones and teammates! @Bee_mufc, “R.I.P Isaac Promise, What a sad news.” @get_nigeria, “What happened. Isaac Promise? Was he sick? Rest on Skipper.” @OlawaleAkadiri, “I join the football world to mourn the sudden death of the Captain of the Nigerian football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Isaac Promise! My thoughts and prayers are with his family, loved ones and teammates! #IsaacPromise #RIP.” @josey_slevin, “It saddens my heart to type this right now, as Nigerian Star Isaac Promise passes on.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.