The Yoruba socio-political organisation, Afenifere, on Sunday berated Ango Abdullahi, Chairman of Northern Elders Forum, NEF, for saying the North will rule Nigeria for long.
Speaking exclusively with DAILY POST, Yinka Odumakin, Spokesperson of Afenifere said North will only rule its “corner” of the country for 1,000 years and not Nigeria in general. Abdullahi had claimed that the North will hold onto power for the next 100 years. The NEF Chairman also declared that the Northern region will only support candidates from the North for the 2023 presidency. However, Odumakin rubbished Abdullahi’s comment. He insisted that President Muhammadu Buhari’s successor must come from the Southern part of the country in 2023. “Congratulations to Ango Abdullahi for making such remark, if they have the ambition of ruling Nigeria for the next 100 years. But let me state that they will only rule their corner of Nigeria for 1,000 years and not the country as a whole. “They will take their corner of Nigeria up to Sambisa Forest and govern for a decade, we have no problem with that. “As for United Nigeria, going beyond what is obtainable now, I think they are joking.” On the region to produce Nigeria’s next president, Odumakin said: “Based on understanding of what is on ground, the next President of Nigeria should come from the Southern part of the country, but to some of us, ultimately if Nigeria is restructured, it does not matter where the president comes from. In the first republic, Ahmed Bello sent his lieutenant to be Prime Minister of Nigeria while he stayed back to be Premier of Northern Nigeria. “And this was because we practised federalism but as long as we are locked up under this idea of the president of Nigeria controlling everything, we will continue to be enslaved. “The North has reduced Nigeria and has used their power to the detriment of others, so after Buhari’s second tenure, power should come back to the Southern part of the country.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.