Following the Appeal Court ruling on Friday upholding the tribunal judgment, and nullifying the Kogi West Senatorial election and ordering a fresh election between Sen. Smart Adeyemi of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and Sen. Dino Melaye of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) the embattled senator Dino Melaye has described the judgement as that of human’s. In a statement issued on Friday, Melaye added that he believed in divine or God’s judgment. His words, “It is absolutely well. No worries, no tension, no pains. I celebrate God for he is always a good God. Let your hearts not be troubled, believe in God believe also His prophets. “At the end, his name will be glorified. He is not a man that He will lie. I’m a winner every time. There is a final verdict and it is the verdict of God. Peace peace peace. “Today, I speak over my life and my household that the peace of God that surpasses understanding will garrison across our hearts. I am not shaken nor moved. I trust in God completely. I lean not on my own understanding; I acknowledge Him in all my ways, and I am directed of the Lord and led by the Spirit. “I see my way through; I walk a path devoid of pitfalls. I look to the Lord my God, and I will not see shame. I am delivered from destruction and dereliction. I am saved to serve and strengthened for life. God is merciful to me, and I have received the grace of the Lord my God. I have favor. Nothing is against me. “Men are favourably disposed to me in every situation. I am accepted and not rejected. Nothing blocks my path to success; I am not a failure, and greatness is attracted to me. I activate the will of the Father and insist that today is the day of His power. ” I am willing; God is at work, in me, to will and to do all His good pleasure. I win always. My prayers are answered, and my requests are granted. “My eye is single, and my body is full of light”. Sorrows and tears are far from me. I have peace; my struggles cease; my frustrations, fears, and frailties give way; and I am strong in the Lord and in the power of His might. “My tomorrow is greater and better than my yesterday. I shine like the star that I am. I am blessed with every blessing heavenly, in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. I am blessed with the blessing of the sand and stars. I increase on all sides. In Jesus’s name, I believe and say amen”. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.