Former Manchester United and Liverpool striker, Michael Owen, has predicted some of this weekend’s English Premier League, EPL, fixtures. Man United will take on Premier League leaders, Liverpool at Old Trafford following a 1-0 defeat to Newcastle United in their last EPL encounter. Chelsea will face Newcastle United on Saturday at Stamford Bridge, while Arsenal will tackle Sheffield. Speaking with Betfair, Owen gave his predictions. Manchester United vs Liverpool: Manchester United have won just two of their last 13 league games (D5 L6) and a barometer of their performance at St James’ Park last time was that central defender Harry Maguire had more touches (4) in the Magpies penalty area than any other United player. Liverpool will equal Manchester City’s record of 18 successive league wins if they win at Old Trafford. Jurgen Klopp’s side have ridden their luck in recent weeks, but I expect them to have too much pace and aggression for this United side, although Ole Gunnar Solskjaer will be hopeful that he can call on the services of at least a couple of his key players returning from injury or illness. Sheffield United vs Arsenal: “Sheffield United have failed to score in their last three games in all competitions but they were, arguably, unlucky not to pick up a point against Liverpool in their last home game. Arsenal have only conceded once in their last four games in all competitions, but I would not be surprised if the Gunners had to settle for a point at Bramall Lane on Monday. Chris Wilder’s side have not lost by more than one goal in the league so far this campaign and I think they will get a draw against the Gunners. Chelsea vs Newcastle United: Newcastle were outstanding against a poor Manchester United side at St James’ Park in their last game and thoroughly deserved the points, although I think they will do well to keep this exciting young Chelsea side at arm’s length at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea have won their last four games in all competitions and look full of goals at present. Frank Lampard’s side have come a long way in a short space of time since their heavy opening-weekend defeat at Old Trafford. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.