The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Tuesday reacted after President Muhammadu Buhari sought the permission of the Senate to approve over N10bn for Kogi State. PDP called on the National Assembly to invoke its statutory powers and directly channel the N10.069 billion Presidential funds for payment of salaries and pensions of suffering Kogi State workers. In a statement signed by its spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan, PDP insisted that it was “scandalous” that Buhari Presidency, with its claims of transparency and integrity, would seek to mislead the National Assembly by asserting that the fund is for projects done by the state government on behalf of the Federal Government, “when in reality no one can point to any such project executed by Governor Yahaya Bello in the last four years.” The opposition party described as “endorsement of corruption and inexcusable injury” to the people of Kogi State, for President Buhari to seek to direct funds to Governor Yahaya Bello, for “phantom projects, and neglect the Kogi workers many of whom are owed salaries and pension in arrears of 36 months.” The statement reads: “Such action by Mr. President further confirms that the All Progressives
Congress (APC) is directly in league with Governor Yahaya Bello to strangulate the people of Kogi state. “We hold that if there are no intentions of pushing the fund to Governor Bello for anti-people purposes, the Presidency is challenged to name and point to the particular project executed by Governor Bello as
well as make the terms and payment agreements public for Nigerians to see. “If the Buhari Presidency means well for Kogi state, it should reword its request and put the interest of the masses ahead of all selfish and parochial political considerations, particularly as the state approaches a critical election in which the people have made up their minds to vote
out Governor Yahaya Bello. “Mr. President cannot claim to be unaware of the critical situation of workers in Kogi state. He cannot claim to be unaware that workers in Kogi state are being owed, in some cases up to 36 months, and that retirees and seniors are dying over non-payments of their pensions after giving the best of their lives in public service.” The PDP, therefore, urged President Buhari to resist attempts by his handlers and Governor Bello to drag his Presidency into this shameful attempt to steal fund that ought to go to the suffering masses in Kogi State. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.