Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has imposed the sum of Twenty Thousand Naira (N20,000) as the fee for forms, to transfer pupils from outside the country into the State public schools. The Governor has also directed that transfer of pupils from other states of the federation such as Lagos, Rivers and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Abuja into the state public schools will cost the sum of Fifteen Thousand Naira (N15,000). Makinde made this declaration via a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, a copy of which was made available to DAILY POST. He said that his government-imposed fees on the transfer of students from private to government-owned schools, in order to offset administration procedures. Makinde in the statement informed that the costs of forms for prospective students seeking transfer from private to public school would be determined by the part of the country such candidate was coming from. The statement added that forms for transfer from outside Nigeria is N20,000.00, form for transfer from major cities across the country including Lagos, Abuja, Port Harcourt is N15, 000, other states of the federation is N10,000 while transfer within the state is N7,500.00. He said, “The Government of Oyo State has announced that it was pleased to discover that measures taken thus far in the implementation of the free education policy have started yielding fruits. The huge number of parents applying to register their wards in the state’s public primary and secondary schools is a clear evidence that the free education policy of the administration is well received by the people. “We are particularly pleased that a number of parents have been besieging the Oyo State Ministry of Education in the past few weeks to make inquiries on steps to be taken to transfer their wards from private schools to public schools. “The huge turnout of parents and guardians seeking transfer for their wards to our public schools in view of the free education policy of Governor Makinde’s administration, has, therefore, necessitated the introduction of some administrative measures which are meant to control admission and safeguard illegality in the admission process. “Some costs have, therefore, been introduced to offset administration procedures as approved by the administration. The cost of obtaining forms for transfer of pupils/students to Oyo State public schools are stated as follows: “Inter-state; from major cities across the country including Lagos, Abuja, Port Harcourt-N15,000 (Fifteen thousand Naira); “Other states of the federation-N10,000 (Ten Thousand Naira); “Those seeking transfer from within Oyo State-N7,500.00 (seven thousand five hundred Naira; “Transfer from outside Nigeria-N20,000.00 (Twenty thousand Naira). “As we have started before now, the policy of the state government is to promote free education in line with its desire to uplift the standards and enhance excellence in educational pursuits. “In line with the current administration’s four-point service agenda, Education, Health, Security and Economic expansion via agriculture value chain have been so designated as the major pillars. The administration hereby assures the people of its commitment to implement the agenda for the good of all in Oyo State. Let us also place on record that the decision to implement the charges listed above is not aimed at constraining the people, but to ensure standardization in the process of transferring pupils and students from private to public schools.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.