There is said to be palpable tension in Ogun State as Governor Dapo Abiodun said his government would soon make public its decision on the recommendations of the Review Committee led by Olu of Ilaro, Oba Kehinde Olugbenle, on the promotions and appointment of 75 traditional rulers by the immediate past administration of Sen. Ibikunle Amosun. Abiodun did not give a definite date for the release of the decision of government on the 75 coronet Obas. Recall that former Governor, Amosun, at the twilight of his administration, upgraded 75 local chiefs, known as Baales, to Coronet Obas. But Abiodun, after his inauguration on May 29, constituted a Chieftaincy Review Committee on June 17 to look into what he described as an unprecedented development in the traditional institution. DAILY POST reported in August 10 that the committee, while submitting its report, berated the past administration for upgrading Baales to Coronet Obas without the recommendation of their respective First Class Obas. The committee therefore recommended the reversal of the upgrade of the said traditional rulers. Abiodun, during a meeting with members of the Ogun State Council of Obas at the Obas’ Complex, Oke-Mosan, Abeokuta, Thursday, assured that his decisions would be based on justice, fairness and equity. “The review committee set up to look into the issues of appointments and promotions of traditional rulers have submitted their recommendations and we, as a government, have worked on it. I want to assure you that very soon, our decisions will be made public,” he said. DAILY POST gathered that the affected upgraded 75 Baales, who have been parading themselves as Obas, are already panicking as they dread being demoted to their previous Baaleship position. Also, some other Obas installed by Amosun between February and May 2019 have been overwhelmed by anxiety as they do not know what government decision would be concerning them. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.