A renowned armed robbery hunter in Bauchi State, Ali Kwara has revealed how 26 officers of Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) and 6 military officers were arrested for allegedly selling arms and ammunition to kidnappers and bandits in Katsina and Zamfara States. Speaking to newsmen on the incident in Azare local government area of the state, Alhaji Ali Kwara stated that the breakthrough was made possible through the joint operation with the military that was set up by President Muhammadu Buhari to track the activities of bandits and kidnappers who are causing havoc around Katsina and Zamfara State. He said that the deal between NSCDC and military officers involved in the selling of the arms and ammunition were exposed through a repentant armed robber who alleged that some security officers were involved in the shady deal. According to Ali Kwara, he had an interaction with the repentant armed robber who gave him the full information on how the deal was carried out. “I then asked him if he can link me with the officers involved and he willingly agreed to connect me with one Fulani man who was part of the negotiations with the military and Civil defence officers where they purchased N300,000 worth of ammunition from the gang leader. “The repentant robber said that they purchased another N400,000 worth of ammunition and within the same week, they purchased another arm and ammunition worth N1.5 million from him. “On the fourth encounter, in collaboration with the military, we jointly arrested the gang leader who exposed five Civil Defence officials and we arrested 24 Civil Defence officers and six military officers outrightly” The hunter disclosed that the Commandant of NSCDC have ordered for the immediate termination of the job of those officers indicted and were taken to court for proper prosecution. “Similarly, we are working with General Tukur Burutai who ordered for the immediate arrest of the six military officers and they will be court- marshaled soon,” he added. Alhaji Kwara called for the overhaul of Nigeria security which he lamented is polluted by some bad eggs who are complicit in the fight against crimes and criminality in Nigeria even as he called on the government to provide jobs for unemployed youths in the country as a measure to addressing the menace of criminal activities in all parts of the country. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.