Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, has split with the formation of a new union, the Congress of University Academics, CUA. Lecturers from five universities in the country announced the formation of CONUA in Ile-Ife on Saturday. 2. The Chairman of Air Peace, Allen Onyema, has revealed why he decided to airlift Nigerians from South Africa during the xenophobic attacks. He said it was because of his passion and vow to God. 3. A chiefain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Lanre Razak, has said that the national leader of the party, Bola Tinubu, is ‘eminently’ qualified to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023. 4. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said the All Progressives Congress (APC) invectives on former president Goodluck Jonathan, at the weekend, was unwarranted and best suited for President Muhammadu Buhari. 5. Constitutional lawyer, Chief Mike Ozekhome has said that President Muhammadu Buhari, and Vice-President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, Governors and Deputy Governors can be investigated while in office. 6. The member representing Mbaise/Ngor-Okpalla Federal Constituency of Imo State, Rep. Bede Eke at the weekend canvassed for the conceding of the 2023 Presidency to the South-East Zone of the country in the spirit of justice, enquiry and fair play. He said this arrangement would also put an end to the clamouring for the Republic of Biafra. 7. The organised labour in the country yesterday said it has not shifted ground on its plan to embark on a nationwide strike should the government fail to meet its demands on or October 16. 8. Legislative aides to senators and members of the House of Representatives in the current National Assembly are going through hard times. They have not been paid their salaries or allowances since June this year. The aides have also accused the management of the nation’s highest lawmaking institution of scheming to remove some of the allowances they enjoyed in past assemblies. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated Dr Akinwunmi Adesina for re-election as the President of African Development Bank (AfDB). Akinwunmi appreciated Buhari for nominating him for re-election for a second term as president of the bank. 10. Imo-born Big Brother Naija 2019 housemate, Mercy emerged winner of the 2019 ‘Double Wahala’ edition of the reality television show on Sunday. Mercy beat off competition from Mike, Seyi, Frodd and Omashola to win N60 million worth of prize. She’s the first female housemate to have achieved the feat. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.