A shoemaker, Olaitan Arowolo, has been remanded at Olokuta Correctional facility after appearing before a Magistrate Court sitting at Oke-Eda, Akure, the Ondo State capital. Arowolo was arraigned by the police before Magistrate Ruth Olumilua for allegedly robbing one Gbenga Oyegun of his property at gunpoint. The 18-year-old shoemaker was dragged before the court on a two-count charge bordering on conspiracy and armed robbery. It was gathered that on August 11, 2019, at Oniparaga axis in Odigbo Local Government Area of Ondo State, the accused alongside members of his gang who are still at large allegedly robbed Oyegun of his TVS motorcycle valued at N270,000. According to the prosecutor, Inspector Martins Olowofeso, the suspect and his co-conspirators were armed with guns, sticks and other dangerous weapons when they committed the crime. Inspector Olowofeso told the court that the alleged offence was contrary to and punishable under sections 5b, 1(2) a & b of the robbery and firearms (Special provision) Act Cap R11 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria 2004. With the plea of the defendant not granted, the prosecutor, presented an application for the remand of the defendant in Correctional facility, pending the legal advice from the Director of Public Prosecution in the state Ministry of Justice. The defendant’s counsel, Yunusa Aliyu, who opposed the remand application made by the prosecutor, stated that there was no probable cause to remand the defendant. He argued that none of the weapons or exhibits were brought to court as evidence, especially in the circumstances of the arrest of the defendant. Aliyu, however, urged the court to discountenance the remand application and prayed that the court to grant his client bail in most liberal terms. Having listened to series of arguments from both the defence lawyer and the prosecutor, the court held that there was a probable cause to remand the defendant. In line with the prosecutors’ application, Magistrate Olumilua, therefore ordered that the defendant be remanded at Olokuta Correctional facility pending legal advice. The case was subsequently adjourned till November 12, 2019, for legal advice. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.