Anambra indigenes have grieved and also mourned as a result of Wednesday’s fire incident involving a petrol tanker, in which five persons have so far lost their lives. Prominent Anambra indigenes have continued to send condolence messages to the victims. Senator Uche Ekwunife who represents Anambra Central senatorial zone in her message to victims said, “What is most saddening is that the incident took lives and destroyed goods worth millions of Naira at a time when most citizens are struggling to earn a living.” Ekwunife noted that Ochanja market which was most hit by the incident is a major source of revenue for the State where many Onitsha residents engage in commercial activities for the purpose of earning a living and contributing their quota to the economic development of the State. She urged the State Government to take proactive steps to curb the incessant fire outbreaks which on occurrence destroy lives and property. She equally reiterated the need for public places such as markets and malls to have functional fire stations to ensure swift reaction to fire outbreaks, this according to her will go a long way in mitigating the damage caused when unfortunate fire incidents occur. Also, the member representing Idemili North and South in the House of Representatives, Hon Ifeanyi Ibezi said, “On behalf of Umu Idemili, I wish to express our heartfelt condolences to Ndi Anambra over the fire disaster which took place in some parts of the Upper Iweka Road, and Ochanja market, Onitsha, Anambra State, Wednesday, October 16, 2019. “I am deeply saddened by this unfortunate tragedy and pray the Almighty God to give the bereaved and those who lost their property the fortitude to bear the loss. “It was indeed a sad occurrence that has once again reminded us of our exposure to risk, the transience of human life and the vanity of its accomplishments. At times like this, it is important we invoke our famed Spirit of Anambra, which emphasizes compassion, for solace and solidarity. “I commend the government of Anambra State for its intervention and the decision to consider possible compensation to all those who lost their properties and the family of the deceased.
On my part, I will see to it that the National Assembly uses the instrumentality of its law-making capacity to regulate the movement of tankers in the country. “It is my prayer that God will in this hour of trial imbue in us the spirit of brotherhood, love and care for one another.” Another indigene, Dr Emma Ojukwu, however, called for funds donation for victims, saying, “A time like this calls for show of sincere love to all those who were affected by the Onitsha Tragedy. “Government should set up Anambra State Fire Relief Fund immediately, where great Anambrarians and beyond can contribute to assist Government to cushion the effect of this disaster on our people. “This is also a time when all Anambrarians must eschew all kinds of political divide, to unite to face our common problem.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.