The All Progressives Congress, APC, has commended President Muhammadu Buhari for restricting foreign travels to two per quarter for heads of Ministries, Departments, and Agencies. The government also cancelled first-class air tickets for some category of officials. This was contained in a statement made available to media houses on Wednesday by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation SGF, Boss Mustapha and signed by the Director, Information in his office, Willie Bassey. Reacting, APC commended Buhari for opting to reduce the cost of governance by cutting down on certain excesses of top government officials. APC said Buhari’s action signals the end of an era that was symptomatic of the ruinous days of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Mallam Lanre Issa-Onilu, the ruling party said Buhari’s approval was aimed at instilling financial discipline and prudence. The statement reads: “Clearly, the era of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP’s governments when ministers and other senior government appointees splashed our commonwealth on private jet trips, first-class tickets and limousines to ferry family and cronies around are over. “Our public resources are now being rightly deployed to address our national infrastructure needs, social investments and other initiatives that directly benefit the people. “This is another fulfillment of the president’s election promise to cut the cost of governance, curb leakages, end impunity and ensure adherence to the rule of law by all departments of government. “To list a few of the approved measures to instill financial discipline and prudence on government trips, all public-funded trips must be strictly for official purposes and must be backed with documented evidence. “The classes of tickets approved for government officials on official trips have been clearly spelt out. In effect, Ministers, Permanent Secretaries, Special Advisers, Senior Special Assistants to the President, Chairmen of Extra-Ministerial Departments and Chief Executive Officers of Parastatals are allowed to fly Business Class. Other categories of Public Officers are to travel on Economy Class. “Government will no longer fund extended stays. Duration of official trips is limited to only the number of days of the event as contained in the supporting documents to qualify for public funding. “The APC administration remains resolute in fulfilling its promises to the people of Nigeria.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.