A 56-year-old doctor, Salahudeen Jamiu, has been arrested by the police in Ogun State for allegedly carrying out an abortion that led to the death of a pregnant house wife. The suspect, DAILY POST learnt, was arrested following a report by the husband of the deceased at Onipanu division that he received a call from one Dupe Odebunmi, who claimed to be a nurse that his wife, kehinde Olakitan was sick and on admission at Mojisola Maternity Clinic, belonging to the suspect. He stated further that on getting to the clinic, he found nobody there, but on his way back home, he discovered the corpse of his wife in front of a building close to his house. “Upon the report, the DPO Onipanu division, SP Magdalene Adeniji, detailed her detectives to launch a serious manhunt for the Operator of the maternity centre. Their efforts yielded positive result when the suspect was arrested on the 24th of October 2019,” a statement by the Ogun Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, said. On interrogation, Oyeyemi said the suspect admitted carrying out an abortion on the deceased who was brought to him by her friend, one Dupe Odebunmi, and that the deceased, a mother of four, died in the process. The suspect was said to have confessed further that it was out of fear that he dumped Olakitan’s corpse in the frontage of a house close to the woman’s residence. The corpse of the deceased had been deposited at the General Hospital, Ota mortuary for autopsy. Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police, Bashir Makama, had ordered the transfer of the suspect to the homicide section of the state Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department for proper investigation and prosecution. Makama also appealed to members of the public to always patronise qualified health providers whenever the need arises instead of seeking medical assistance from quacks and unqualified practitioners. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.