The Peoples Democratic Party has raised allegations against the All Progressives Congress, APC, ahead of the November 6 governorship election in Bayelsa and Kogi States. In a press conference in Abuja on Friday, the National Chairman of the party, Uche Secondus, also inaugurated the party’s campaign committee and announced former Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki as the Chairman. The party said it was aware the APC has chosen the option of knowing they will fail at the ballot box. The PDP also warned that the APC may be standing on the excitement of alleged rigged elections in the past and think that they will have their way in the two states. Secondus said, “I welcome you all in the name of God to this very important gathering marking the inauguration of our party’s campaign council for the November 16, 2019, gubernatorial elections in Bayelsa and Kogi States. “The quality of names drawn up as members of these campaign council show in unmistaken terms the importance the party attaches to this exercise. “Ordinarily, given the enviable achievements of our party in Bayelsa state in the area of delivering democracy dividend to the people in the last eight years under the leadership of our able Chairman of PDP Governors Forum, Chief Seraike Dickson, and the awful performance of APC government in Kogi Kogi State, the two states should be a smooth contest for us, but intelligence available to the party shows that the All Progressives Congress, APC is planning a charade elections in these states as was witnessed in Ekiti, Osun, Kano and Kaduna States. “We are aware that APC has chosen the option of violence knowing what awaits them at the ballot box. Unfortunately, Nigeria’s security agencies are aware of these evil plots of the APC. “This campaign council has a gigantic task of ensuring that the electoral desires of the people of these two states are realized. “The heightened tension in the two states at the moment is needless if the APC is willing and equipped to face the electorate. “We have on good authority the skillful underhand means like intimidation and vote-buying by the APC. “At this juncture, let me warn that APC might be standing on the excitement of its rigged elections in the past and think that they will always have their way in their dubious act. “I charge APC leadership to take time and read our political history and know that the route they are headed are aimed at destroying our democracy and installing despotism. “We want to warn INEC that we are aware of their rigging romance with the APC in the November 16 elections in these two states. “I wish, therefore, to call on the international community and all lovers of democracy to show more than passing interest in the forthcoming elections in the two states. “Refuse to be intimidated
At this juncture, I want to urge all our members and supporters in these two states to refuse to be intimidated by the APC’s evil design of using violence and money to undermine the electoral process. “We also call on members of the press and international election observers to show more diligence in their responsibilities. “What the APC has done with the power in the last five years does not encourage any lover of democracy and good governance to go their way. “Earlier this week for instance, a credible international agency, Oxfam released disturbing data showing that Nigerians leaving below the poverty threshold meaning extreme poverty has increased from 91.5 million it was in April this year to 94.5 within six months. “This data should not surprise anybody leaving in this country for the past five years of glaring incompetence and dangerous parochial approach to governance which has worsened insecurity and endless bloodletting across the country. The issue of kidnapping and banditry has enveloped the land with terrorism still waging in the North East. “Nothing encapsulates the APC’s insensitivity to the groaning of Nigerians than their determination to increase their pain through extensive taxation, vat and toll gates. “The voodoo budget presented by the president this week clearly shows the regime’s inability to tackle the nation’s economic woes. “Your Excellencies, against these backdrops, I urge you to see your assignment as a challenge to save our democracy, to save our country and to save these two states. “I cannot end this address without letting you know that the party leadership is not unaware that there are some rough edges within our fold arising from party primaries in these two states, but I assure you that all hands are being put on deck to bring all members of the family back. “Former Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki is heading a special reconciliatory committee also being inaugurated to address all grievances in the two states.
Your Excellencies, I wish you result filled exercise and I, therefore, inaugurate the council.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.