A former member of Commonwealth of Zion Assembly, COZA, Akah Nnani has alleged that Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo who was accused of rape, has an ‘abnormal libido’ which is a result of jazz. DAILY POST recalls that the popular Nollywood actor had renounced his membership of the church due to the rape allegations levelled against the senior pastor of the church, Biodun Fatoyinbo. In another revelation on his Twitter page, he claimed: “So, apart from raping pregnant women, married women, there is the case of forcing a lady to abort which led to her death. I didn’t know of this story till I left COZA. A family friend of the victim reached out to me in the DMs this was the one that took me out it was all too much. “Some of my female friends opened up to me about him trying to get them to hotel rooms and how they curved him, some he made advances to from seeing them at airports or something.. They said they couldn’t tell me then because they knew how much I loved him. Sigh. “Me wey I don hear say the libido no normal. Na jazz dey make the man do am. And the wife know. Dem dey service sontin. Me I nor know oh! “It’s so sad the Nigeria we are in today, criminals rule over the just. The judicial system is intensely corrupt. “For those people saying “court of public opinion is useless” and that “the case should be handled legally” well… OJ Simpson did it but the court let him go. “Everyone knew that he did it but the court system can be rigged and rape cases are the hardest to prove. How do you prove rape especially one that happened years back or even a few months back? How! The court needs proof but with testimony, the public will smell fire. “There are still so many stories, so many more in the shadows.Women that don’t want to revisit that history, yes there are a lot of consensual sex, and it’s going on with a lot of them in the church now, but this rape is deep. So many don’t want to come out public. Cos hate. “Some of the ‘big pastors’ that have covered him in the past are the ones who have money scandal Locally and internationally. Isn’t it shameful? A pastor, on the run? Because of tax evasion and devious money practices. Pastors that traded their calling for money. “Some of them can’t go to the UK!! Your pastors oh. Once he notices the weaknesses of these men of God, who I do not doubt may have true callings, he will bamboozle them with ‘Prophet seed’ and honour seed. They will see envelope and car gift and will fall in love with him.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.