The Oyo state Police Command has on Saturday said it has arrested no fewer than three suspects in connection with the death of a thirty-year-old man in Ibadan, the state capital. DAILY POST recalls that some youths, on Thursday allegedly killed the thirty-year old man identified as Nurudeen Alowonle. A source, Mr. Sakirullahi Abayomi, who was privy to what transpired on the faithful day, disclosed that Alowonle was coming from his shop that night when he was accosted by the hoodlums who asked him to give them the sum of one thousand naira before he can pass the road. Abayomi, who is also the Lead Activist, Veteran Organization for Human Rights (VOHRI), a civil rights group committed to defending the rights of the masses in the state, said that the hoodlums began to beat the victim when he told them that he does not have the money. He added that the victim was allegedly beaten to death by the hoodlums allegedly led by one Lekan who is also known as Rigimon. Abayomi while calling on the state police command to bring the perpetrators to book and sanitize Iwo Road, regretted that the victim was the only child who had been taking care of his aged mother before the miscreants allegedly beat him to death. “It is unfortunate that those boys have been terrorising innocent people around Iwo Road especially the Iwo Road under bridge. They have been defraying people especially passengers coming and going out of Ibadan especially at night. They collect money from people and they take it by force. “There is a need for the security agencies to beam their searchlight in the area. “The person that they beat to death is the only child that has been taking care of his mother. His mother is an aged woman,” he said. The Public Relations Officer of the state Police Command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi while reacting, declared that three suspects have been arrested in connection with the killing. Fadeyi in a reply to enquires made by DAILY POST, maintained that the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) section had taken over the matter for discreet investigation and prosecution. He told DAILY POST that, “Three suspects have been arrested in connection with the murder of the man and the CID have taken over the case for discreet investigation and prosecution.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.