The Akwa Ibom State House of Assembly, at its plenary on Thursday, moved a motion against attacks by suspected herdsmen on some communities in the State. The motion came following the recent murder of one Lucky Udoakpan on his farm and the destruction of property in Ukanafun Local Government Area by suspected herdsmen. The House described the situation as a threat to peace, security and agricultural development in the state. Member representing Ukanafun State Constituency, Hon. (Dr) Charity Ido, in a Motion on Wanton Destruction of Properties and Murders by Herdsmen in Ukanafun and other parts of the state brought before the House, revealed that Fulani Herdsmen, last week, invaded farmlands at Nkek Village in the area, killing one of her constituents. She recalled that a similar incident occurred in Mkpat Enin Local Government Area, recently, adding that the situation may grow worse if left unchecked. She prayed the House to come up with measures to prevent the situation from degenerating into communal clashes, economic hardship and sexual harassment. On his part, the member representing Ibesikpo Asutan State Constituency, Rt. Hon Aniekan Uko, while describing the situation as a red alert for Akwa Ibom State and a challenge to the state government’s agricultural revolution, urged the House to take steps that will prevent a recurrence. “The Governor is saying that everyone should return to the farm, but we’re afraid of doing so, because of the activities of herdsmen. I urge the House to take actions that will prevent a recurrence,” he said. Also, the member representing Itu State Constituency, Hon. Kufre-abasi Edidem said the killing spree by herdsmen was a challenge to the 7th Assembly. The member representing Oruk Anam State Constituency and Leader of the House, Rt. Hon. Udo Kierian, urged the House to make a law that legislates the movement of animals in the state and also engage families of the victims and the State Emergency Management Committee to find lasting solutions to the issue which he said is statewide. Member representing Ika/Etim Ekpo State Constituency, Hon. Mfon Idung, his colleague from Ibiono Ibom State Constituency, Hon. Godwin Ekpo, all sympathised with the people of Ukanafun on the sad situation. Speaker of the House, Rt. Hon. Aniekan Bassey, thereafter, referred the motion to the Committee on Security, Youths and Sports and directed it to report back to the House next month. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.