The Campaign Council of the Governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Kogi State has called for investigation of attacks on Engr. Musa Wada’s convoy at Ankpa on Saturday. In a statement issued by the Director of Public Communications to the Council, Comrade Austin Okai and sent to DAILY POST on Saturday, he alleged deliberate attack on the candidate’s convoy in order to intimidate party loyalists waiting to receive him while on thank you tour. According to the statement, the Deputy Speaker of Kogi State House of Assembly, Hon. Ahmed Ahmed and a Kogi State University lecturer, Dr Usman Ogbo were allegedly involved in the attack. “We want to raise the alarm over deliberate attack on the convoy of PDP Governorship candidate, Engineer Musa Wada at Ankpa by Deputy Speaker, Kogi State House Of Assembly, Honourable Ahmed Ahmed and one Dr Ogbo Usman, a strong supporter of Kogi governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello. “We urge the state Commissioner of Police, Busari Hakeem and Director of State Security Services to immediately investigate the incident,” he said. The statement explained that the APC zonal leader in charge of Kogi East, Mr. Ahmed Attah had earlier threatened that whoever that wouldn’t vote APC should stay away from Kogi East. The Council said the incident should be investigated, adding that there was a premeditated plan to cause chaos involving some elite of the ruling All Progressives Congress. “There is a deliberate and premeditated plan to cause chaos at Ankpa and the adjoining community by some elite and top government officials from the area, knowing fully well that the PDP governorship candidate will visit the town today. “The decision of the Deputy Speaker of the State House of Assembly, in company of Dr Usman Ogbo to drive into the convoy of the PDP candidate, was an attempt on his life and that of his innocent large followers,” it said. They insisted that the security agencies in the state should swing into action, to forestall break down of law and order, as the candidate continues his tour to Idah on Sunday, while urging party loyalists to be law abiding. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.