President Muhammadu Buhari has ordered a forensic audit of the operations of the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC from 2001 to 2019. The President’s decision came following the persistent criticisms of the operations of the NDDC. A statement sent to DAILY POST on Thursday and signed by the President’s Spokesperson, Femi Adesina, said he spoke while receiving governors of the states that make up the Commission, led by Governor Seriake Dickson of Bayelsa State on Thursday in Abuja. Buhari said what is presently on the ground in the South-south region does not justify the huge resources that have been made available to the organization. “I try to follow the Act setting up these institutions especially the NDDC. with the amount of money that the Federal Government has religiously allocated to the NDDC, we will like to see the results on the ground; those that are responsible for that have to explain certain issues. “The projects said to have been done must be verifiable. You just cannot say you spent so much billions and when the place is visited, one cannot see the structures that have been done. The consultants must also prove that they are competent, “the President said. President Buhari admitted that developing the Niger Delta area required enormous resources compared to other parts of the country with firmer lands. “I am acutely aware, with my experience, that projects in your area are very expensive; that is why if any job is given, we must make sure that the company is competent and has the capacity to do it well with experienced consultants,” the President added. He, however, said that he would wait for the report of the audit before deciding on the next line of action regarding the organization. Governor Dickson had earlier expressed the disappointment of other governors with the operations of the NDDC, which they said was characterized by a poor choice of projects, shoddy handling, uncompleted jobs and lack of the required support for the efforts of the states and local government administration in the region covered by the organization. He, therefore, called for the repositioning of the NDDC in order to achieve the objectives for which it was set up.  Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.