One person was reportedly killed on Monday evening after a flooded Ureje bridge along Ado-Federal Polytechnic, Ado Ekiti, Ekiti State capital collapsed. Four persons were said to have drowned in the bridge already overflown by water and three of them were said to have been rescued by an Hausa man. Other areas of Ado Ekiti that witnessed flood on Monday evening included: Eminrin, Ajilosun, 132KVA area of Omisanjana and others. The bridge became flooded after a torrential downpour that began around 7.30 pm and lasted till 9 pm. The collapse of the bridge had hindered human and vehicular movements for several hours. Early on Tuesday, the water level was so high that commuters traveling to Afe Babalola University, Federal Polytechnic and to Ikare Akoko in Ondo State and those coming into the state capital, had to park their vehicles and waited for several hours before the water subsided for them to trek through. A resident of the area , Mr. Sunday Akomolafe, explained that the victim and three women were coming from Abuja and wanted to navigate the water only for them to be overwhelmed by flood. “Three of them were rescued and taken to the hospital but the man was not all that lucky, he drowned in water and his corpse was recovered around 8am this morning”. The Deputy Governor, Chief Bisi Egbeyemi, who visited the scene , appealed for calm, saying the state government will ensure that the bridge is put back to proper shape. The Police Public Relations Officer, Ekiti Command, DSP Caleb Ikechukwu confirmed the death. “Yes, I can confirm to you that one man died after he was drowned in water. His corpse had been removed and taken to the mortuary”, he said. The Special Adviser on Road Transport and Infrastructure to Governor Kayode Fayemi, Hon. Adunmo Rufus, who was at the bridge supervising the palliative works being done, said the disconnected section will be reconnected within the next few hours. “We are embarking on palliative works till dry season when the road will be awarded. What we need here is a new bridge that can accommodate more water. 60×60 bridge is no longer fashionable. We are piling stones and granites on the collapsed lane. “We are going to open one lane for commuters and motorists to use pending the time the palliative measures will end that will put the second lane back. It is going to be for light vehicles because we are going to mount restriction.” Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.